#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/e/ec/%26flix.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20200430075815" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", &flix
http://?c1ZIVG9Kak5qeFdlUzlpTTNsVGQ0NVdSM0FUVG9sbmJtQnpWeGhITll0MGNDTlZlMFpsUjB3bWFuSldNeXBsYXU5bWMxbFZiVlZsY3FSRFR3dFdPcDVVUjRWR2JHRkhiczkwWTQwR2VoNVVjeEpGUnFwWFIwY2tNdzlXZTFFVVpEcFdiV1JWYXBoWFF6WkVNNUJsYktSM1lRUmtOeDFtY3lCbFRTcG5Vd3hHZDFRVmFWaFhjRlJGV09WM1ptZDFOMkVHTzE5VVJHOVVXTlZYZHpjRWJPOVdjcUYzUjJFSE9ybGxTd1EwTWlCM1Ezc2lXcVpWZU5sRGRhdEVjM2QxTHNKblZPRjNLMFZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/800/55144_-pictures.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", &Pictures
http://?c1ZIVG9Kak5qSlhlUzlpTTNsemE0NVdSM0FUVHlsbmJtQnpWeHBHTll0MGNDTjFaMFpsUjB3bWE0SldNeXBsYXVwbmMxbFZiVlZGY3FSRFR3dFdPNTVVUjRWR2JHVkhiczkwWTQwR2JoNVVjeEpGUjFwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcDJaV0ZHV0lGSE8xdEVPeXAwVXVaWFdUZG5hMjlVZHFkRmRScFhUMmQwWjRjM1FUZG1OQ2x6TmxSWGFoZFhONlIyY3pWWE9aQkZjaEpITjBNRFJ3MVVlSDFtYXRKV1RxaDJWT1JWTnFObmEzSkVjWlptY2poVVNuUlZld2hYUkZSSFZCRjNaV2hUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_1170,h_658,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-tvpictureshd/list_clean/09tvpictureshdp_2056662078.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", &Pictures HD
http://?c1ZIVG9Kak5qOVdlUzlpTTNselo0NVdSM0FUVHdsbmJtQnpWeGxITll0MGNDTmxjMFpsUjB3bWFuSldNeXBsYXU5bWMxbFZiVlZGYXFSRFR3dFdPMjVVUjRWR2JHWkhiczkwWTQwbWVoNVVjeEpGUjBwWFIwY2tNd2RYZTFFVVpEcFdlV3BsTUVwSFczbGxZM1YyYjVVWFpLRjNZaE5WZTBGVVR6WVZTcmxETTN0bWFSOTJLMVFFU1VCemI2TlZRUHRFYnJoRU9oRldjREpuWTBaemJUdHlaYUpWZFNwM0t6Um1hMFZYWlRsSFNxUnpkWHhrZHZoSE81Z0dldnBWWWg5U2RtWkhhRDVtTTVWWGN2dEVSNVUxUnJWbmVFTmpXeVpYYnhWbFYzQmpjVEpqTUo5VVMycFhkdFpFU2paM1laSlRlVDkyYkxSVU1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/402/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_789226001563606539.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", &TV
http://?c2RrV3lFVU5ZRlhURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWndaWFJscEZVb3AyYjVrR2RuaGtid2sxY2haamF0NUdNMzVVUU45R01ubDNVd01EZVB0MlN0NW1ick5EVnpnblc1WlhZSlZsVzJabGJ3ZGpUSWxWU3VaSFZEUldTcklIZVlORE9RNTBkRjltYjFWMlZ6SjNLSkZ6WnhSSGNrbEViMXAwZFBSRlZ6OVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_1170,h_658,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-tvhd_0/list_clean/09tvhd_0tvhd_328334468.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", &TV HD
http://?MVZIVG9Kak5qMVdlUzlpTTNsVGI0NVdSM0FUVHpsbmJtQnpWeFpITll0MGNDTmxlMFpsUjB3bWF1SldNeXBsYXVCbmMxbFZiVlZWY3FSRFR3dFdPbjVVUjRWR2JHQkhiczkwWTQwbWRoNVVjeEpGUm9wWFIwY2tNdzFXZTFFVVpEcDJaV1IxWjZabVd5SnpMdk5qV1psbld5bFdkSUpsYlJWR1RqUnpacXRXZXhaM1p6TW5lME5qVDFOVGFJTlVUWU4xY3FGbGFxTm1WMEFYWkNKVFNrQm5jSUIzYmFCSFJvUm5lazVtYTZGSE1NaFhVSmhrYVhOVllQMWtNdkpUY3pGbFF5cFhTbGRGVW5CM2RLeDBOeEVqWjU5aU55b0dTTmhYYk5sR1VwNTBkMlJtZTFnSGF2aFVlYVpYUUNoSGVRTlhTVmwzYVY1bU5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://dreamdth.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/xplor-HD.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", &xplorHD
http://?blZIVG9Kak5qcFdlUzlpTTNsRGI0NVdSM0FUVHJsbmJtQnpWeEpITll0MGNDTmxhMFpsUjB3bWExSldNeXBsYXVobWMxbFZiVlZGY3FSRFR3dFdPbjVVUjRWR2JHWkhiczkwWTQwbWVoNVVjeEpGUjZwWFIwY2tNdzlXZTFFVVpEcEdkV1oxU3BWRU53VlVXMU1uVnhCWGNSRjFLUDEyWlpGMFpxSkRNeTlpVTQwV2FoUlhTdkExWnVKSGR6UUdNQnRpVnFwbFNVZDNRMXhXTjVCekt4VlhlMTVrWXlFelF5eFdkNGsyWWpoSE5yNEdNVU5EZVpoRGN5SkhVejFrTXhSMUtpbDJNeVFVV3ZNWGFRRjJTU1pYVW94V1ZYcG5XeDRtY3hJbVNKSjNkeVUzVnlnVFdyeEVWWUIxU2lCM053VWxTVDEyYzBSM1FSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.airtel.tv/MWTV/MWTV_LIVETVCHANNEL_431/PORTRAIT/OrhmAikO.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", 24 Ghanta
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", 71 Bangla TV
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwaG1acmhGYXlWemEyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwbFZibVJYVFlKMGF6b1dkeEZtZXdZRmJuMTBiUEZ6TnV0MlJKVkdkSHQyWnhvM1R2Z1ZldkZWVzBkV050bEhib2wwTQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/GZ7tHf1hx1x.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9x JALWA
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUY3ZCbmUwaGxNMGRuWU50Q1JyWTNaTFowY21SWFRybFVaeEoxVXloR1JpUkZWR1ZqYXVOemNONVVhM0oyUjRwR1p4ZEdhSmRITXZRRWExaFVTakoyYW5WME56aFVSbWRIZVlCbmJxUm1idkFIUnZRa1QxOUNkbTlrVHBGSFcwTmpiMmNYZXZrMU1yY0ZObnAyTjQwR2FpWm5ZRHAwTjBobWV4aHpORVptTXVSVFRZWjNZeVIzZFdSbmFTWjNhaGxIYk81RVR6RlVVek5YWkp4R1Mza25ObTUwYmhkVFVRdGtTc2x6Vld0RVpqWjNkTEJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AGF-l79PpOzeVvc4e8mCMMVSLHYVI7Stm3zs4tPvnA=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9X Jalwa
http://?cFZIVG9Kak5qdFdlUzlpTTNsVGI0NVdSM0FUVHZsbmJtQnpWeDVHTll0MGNDTlZjMFpsUjB3bWEzSldNeXBsYXVobmMxbFZiVlZGYXFSRFR3dFdPdjVVUjRWR2JHWkhiczkwWTQwV2JoNVVjeEpGUndwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcG1hV1ZsYjJOVmQwbDJLTmhWTnlvbmVLVjNOMkluZDVSSE8zY21OMTUwWXNSR05ROUdPVWRYZTFObWUwaDJWbTlDYTM5MGJDNUdiNWRIY3JOVE9FdGtielFsVDVoVFd6dGtNdVIzY3ZzMktEVm1lTngwY3hsSFQzRldNMnAyVklwbmJyb0dWalIzVXJFMWRVeEVieXBsUXU1MFROaGpkd05YUXFsMlpaVmtkUU5sV1FkVFF1RkZUUWRYT2twMlpEZFVOdGxXYkt0VWNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/a3/9XJhakaasLogo.jpg" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9X Jhakaas
http://?NFZIVG9Kak5qSlhlUzlpTTNsRGQ0NVdSM0FUVG9sbmJtQnpWeGxITll0MGNDTlZiMFpsUjB3bWF3SldNeXBsYXVsbWMxbFZiVlZWZHFSRFR3dFdPNTVVUjRWR2JHNUdiczkwWTQwbWJoNVVjeEpGUnZwWFIwY2tNd3RXZTFFVVpEcDJkV0ZXYWhsR2F2cGxVa3AwUUI1MlltaEZaMnRVZTNKRFQ1ZDJidDVFT3lVMVNORlhRMWRrZVNsSGNyazJUdkZYVXdkV05SMTBkRjFHVXNORGNKbDFjNUUyUlQxbU1zRlZjejkwUzRnbk0zTldVbTlTYTJGRFV6Tm1NMDVHVFBoVU1TNUdjd3hHV0J0RWF5aG5iM2xuVHY5ME16UnpNTUpYWTBVWE9QdGlidzBrVTRaRlRuTnpiNFFXWUJObmEwRkVOWEZXYnhJVVdSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.9xtashan.in/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/logo.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9X Tashan
http://?c1ZIVG9Kak5qbFhlUzlpTTNsamQ0NVdSM0FUVDBsbmJtQnpWeFpITll0MGNDTmxiMFpsUjB3bWF0SldNeXBsYXVwbWMxbFZiVlZWY3FSRFR3dFdPNjVVUjRWR2JHQkhiczkwWTQwR2FoNVVjeEpGUjVwWFIwY2tNd0ZYZTFFVVpEcEdjV1oyYm90Mkt0UldNM1lGTk5wbVN2OWlTQ2RuYUNSMVJxZHpTeGRrZXJsV2NabG1RVmhrYWxsMVppaFZjdmcwVXlwMmJNeFdiQmhuUW9SMmJCZG5kbmxXTjY1MlE1WlRRS1ZHT3F4MlNTdENUdnNVZHFaRE9OOVdadmRUU01wbmM1MEdhUlZHZExabGJtUldZMzFXVDNWbWE0SW1hM2czVGxKMFU2WnpkbGhXUXFOMlJ3TlRaVXhrYVZsMll2dEVOTmgwWkpWblZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/EDghoaQSYjJ.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9xM
http://?PT1nZTVOVk55d1VheFoyYVlobWMxMG1OeG8wWjJFbmJ3cEhkWUpEZHJKV1RyUTBLMnQyU0dOblowMWtlSlZXY1NObGN6RlVZMkZVWmhWWGFSVjJkRjltYTIxVVVFOWtUb2xtUzUwMlRSZDNNbWhHVDVjVGQxeGtkSkZsUnNKVFJySmxUNTgyTG41V2V0NUdjMGwwY1pSalZzWlVVelFHU2l0bWR2VTFkcVpsYlBOMFZybFVZeVIyZHg0ME13a0hTTXBsYnJOelp1ZFdkanQyY25GM2NpZFRUeWtuYzJSWGUzTkRjUDlVYnJZV1EwMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/9xm.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9XM
http://?MlZIVG9Kak5qaFdlUzlpTTNsRGM0NVdSM0FUVDFsbmJtQnpWeE5ITll0MGNDTlZlMFpsUjB3bWFySldNeXBsYXVKbmMxbFZiVlZWYnFSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHaEhiczkwWTQwbWRoNVVjeEpGUndwWFIwY2tNd1pYZTFFVVpEcFdkV0ZGWkVWRWUyWkhOdGxHUnpBSFd4WUdOc0JqYXljamVvVjNUb2gyYW9Ga2QyZFhkcmwyYjNaR2VaSmplVGwyYTJCbGIwZ2tZMmRIVDVrMUxsWlZkdmRIU3premRwbEhPVmxUZVpkMlVMSkVlelJtY3JSRWNKaEVicXBrZHQ5a2QwOVdONWczUk1oRWFYUm5icUptYjZsV2IzRVhUdEIzVXdGbGV3RVRkRFJVZXBsRFVwWlRVclkySzF0R2VzMWtOMm9VYXVsbFFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/648/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_575089001571734077.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", A Plus
http://?NWRrV3lFVU5ZWlhURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWm9aWFJscEZVb2wzYjVrR2RuaEVkd2sxY2haamF6NUdNMzVVUU5sR016ZzNSSk5uZEhaVlFXTlZOMWhHY3pOelp5cFhNRkowWTFFR2VJaDNNa0YyTnJKRGMzUjBiMzRHZW5KVU0wa3pieFluVXZKMVMwUlVRR1JsY3VOM1l5Y0VNMllIZDRabGR4ZFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/371/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_330756001564829116.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Aakash Aath
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5eVp6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJscEZVb3gyYjVrR2RuaFVkd2sxY2haamFwNUdNMzVVUU50R01TUjFSM2hYYjFKblF6WW1ScXRFY2tCVk55Y25XMEZtZXBkVWIybzBMSWhUWnc1V05IbEVSTnQyUlFSVWRMVkdhdzVXZG9KSFcxeEdPM1VFT3ZvSE4yc1dlUHAwWjVGbk5ya1VQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Abasar TV
http://?eWwzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwWm1VUk5uVmp0Q1RUTjFjMGNuTVdsMWF1UlRhc2RrUnpjblY2Tm5iaE5rY1ZSbVFLNVdTdUZHTzNKbE5VbFdkMHNtZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eH2YVqXcen0.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", ABC AUSTRALIA
http://?PTBXZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE53WlRNS2RtTng1R2M2UkhWbFJWYmtKM0s2aDBkMlJGUkNsM1VMNVdhMFFuUndBSGF0cG5ja0pEZG9aVE9IRlZjemdtYm1Ka1VqWlRkRWhIY0JaelI1aEZXeU5rYVRKM1E0QVZaaVYwZEloRFZZcEdTNEoyS0ZSSGFXbEdXVGRUVXlRbWJyZFdSMVp6ZHNWbFkxZzNLdGxuWm5GM1JuRkhjRGxsZEMxR1dzNVViamxuY3hCM1RyRjBMWXRDYTN3VWIyVkdieVpuVXBSVFptZFhVSnBrZXZsR2FMbERhaTltTXF4V093QlhlRXBHZVVaellDUjFaRmhUYjVKVlF1QmpRTEJET1VKWFRtdDJhQmhIZWpoSFpsUjFk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ABTV USA
http://?cmwzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWamIyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwRjJja2xuWkpkMFFYNUdhMkZYYUNaWFJ6ZFdSNGdETkNoR2V6UVVVd29tYUNaRWNYUlRPNVJqVGFwblk0Z25UeVFVVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/73n4apmZhr6.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Akash 8
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwaG1acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwSjFLMTRXWVZKVllqZG1jTzEwYnU1VVYwcDNMeFYxWTZCM1JCQnpNSUZHZXd3RU51cFVReWxIVnZvMVY0dDJZQlZETWhKRmRMWkRjclZWYTExVVYwZFVNcnBXY3k0RU0wVVZhRzl5UTJrSFVvdDBNM1kzYjF3R2NHWkhPUTFrYnFsMEtYcGtkd1puZVdaamN2MTJkVHhHYk9KWGRNRjBZNWhqVnNWVVRhOUdheTlXZXJWMmJoTkRhc1ZEVXgxRVczUkdPNkZrVE9SSE5UQlhkc2huZVpsalozazJUNFpXZTNrRU95SUhjNjFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8nly7s6w8nI.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", AL Arabiya
http://?PWtYZVRWak1NbDJjbXRHV29KWE51WlRNS2RtTng1R2M2UkhWbFIxY2tKM0s2aDBkclJGUkNsM1VMNVdhMFFuUndBbmNySkRWelJsZHJ0bVF6bFRUeThXZFlKME0zTXpaUzlHYWgxMFNvRjBiSGwwTEo5bWQ0TVRRd28xZDRGVFNrTlVONmRUT3d0bU01cG5jNlZXVUJabmFPRkdNcFJqTjJGVWQxYzJLWHRXU3lSVmRyQjFhR0pUTTZWbFN3NWtTRkYzSzROM2Q0RVZRMXRHZTY5RVQ0SWxXMGx6WjJJVllYQlhlRGxWY1BkWGN6VjBhM05HZXc5VWFWTnpNenRtYndGMlIxdDBiRVZHUnl0aVp3QkhWTzFFTkZCSFUzeG1XbXBGYXo5Q1V3MVVX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Al Dawah TV
http://?NmwzVTFJRFRwRm5acmhGYXlWVGMyRWpTblpUY3ZCbmUwUjFickYzVHVkWGNoWkZjWVozVnBCbmI0dG1leEpWUTBjWFdPWkdhSFJYZEhGamQyTlZUc1YwYnhZSFIyVkhPeG8wTg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/234/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_680337001493116582.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", AL Jazeera
http://?b2RrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVbzkyYjVrR2RuaGtjd2sxY2haamF5NUdNMzVVUU5GSE1RTkhlRWgwYm1wa1p4cG1ZeEJWZDBCbmVZbDJaUzFHVGlSWGFpWkRXUE5EU3hORFNyWVRaeUJYZWtWWFNWZDFhSVJsTXJvMGRvTmpVQmREUnh0MlU0WkVPdmx6YjFaRlVWbFZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/0iLtx9H8sr5.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Al Jazeera
http://?PWNYZVRWak1NbG1jbXRHV29KWE52WlRNS2RtTnhOSGM2Um5VclVEYmhWbFVoTjJaczVVVHY1bVRWcG1ldkVYVmpwWGRHUjBaMjkyYXVObFN3WVZjcWRIVTRNelVQSlVjQkYyU3YxMmNvaEZNa2wyWktSSGNHRlRSNFkxYUtGbVoxbGpWeUYzVnVaV1ZMdEdkMFpqZFRkamNQVjBTbHBsUXNsVU5DSlZTVU4zYnZza1VVQkZhNmxGYnA1MGEydDBSbWhtTTVZSGNIaEZiaXRtZDU0RVV0OUVjdUJqTllSamE0Z1dVNFV6U1Y5a2NIQkRTeEFIV3JaMmNsaEdSMk1IYjJnelR6a1VjQnRVTURGRE91cEhlSHhFY3ZGM1NUWjBZVHBWYnBaR1R0bFVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Al Jazeera
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwaG5acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwVm1OWkYzYm0xMFRYaFRhYXBuY3VSMFl6RmxWSFIwWjZwWFNucFhUSlJsYW1sVmExZ1ViblZsV2toMVRpOTJid1FEVw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/0iLtx9H8sr5.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", AL-JAZEERA
http://?PU1YZVRWak1NbDJhbXRHV29KWE5vWlRNS2RtTnhKSGM2UkhWbU5VZWhaRFV2NEVieWREUnlBSFUxWUhlU3AwZDROMGFaUm5iUjlrYXpGR2RqbEdjSWQzVndvR1p6ZGxhMDlHY1lCbFYwMTBLemhWYXY5MlZoWlVSQ2xVZUdOM0xDWm1ldHAyWXpZV2FvRlhaMDVVYzJwMmE1ZFZVeVV6YnNKRmJLQnpRNWRITnprMlYwZzNiNThpYjA4a050ZFhOclJqWjJnR1N2aEhSNjlFZDBrVFc2dEdSenBuVEh0MmNtbEdaNVYyUWtobmJOVkhUaEptZTI1R1R2YzBScUozU2FobVZ3VUVhMnNDVEJkRGR2VjBZNUpsYkc1bVZ2aFhOdVJqY0c5eWFGQmpi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/692/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_253296001609763294.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ananda  TV
http://?M2RrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWnNaWFJscEZVb0YzYjVrR2RuaFVkd2sxY2haamE2NUdNMzVVUU5GSE1GQkZPMFEwY0N4bVpQQkZkMU5EU2poVk5UQjNRSWhrVjIxVWFTSmpUeEJuYzY5MlFscEdNcjBHZXdzR05weDBaeVpXUnpnWGFvQlZWcmxYTXpJSE5rOWtWNkowYlpoMWE1UlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ananda TV
http://?MGwzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWamUyRWpTblpUY3ZCbmUwSjFLMXNXWVZKVllqZEdlTzEwYnU1VVZ6cDNMeFYxWTZoMlJZaEhkcjVrYzRaWFRtRlVlckptVnBKRFV4SkhlaVpUVVhSRmNGZGpWM3gyYXF4VU5ydzBOMFVIVDBJVlptZG5iVnQyWUVwMlpwOTJkbU5sVTFkMlRxZFhiUlZsYlFOVFVaWlhPMzVtZHJkVVp5bG5WSE5rV3JjVWV5UkZiakYxVTRsVVVUOTBjeFUzYkxOV2RQaFVhTXBsUXlNMk1wOVdOejhFV3k4MmNKbFhUWmxHY1RoRFJ3QlRhdzlpTTRkamM2aFdXNVJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ananda TV
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWamIyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwWldhRmhXY0dSWFFDWjNkRFpWTzBRVGN1bDJkeW9sTkJwR2RZdDBNNDh5YWl0eUxoQmxkbmRsZDBjM01NVjNZbUZGTQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ANANDA-TV
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE40WlRNS2RtTnhGSGM2UlhXb2xtYkRGWGVzeFVWMmhUZDBCRlJyVkhOUVZuZFZGVWFWUlZSck16UXpSRmQ0Z1RRWHBtWjNzaVdRbG5jT0ZsV1VObVdyeGtUMHNDVWlGM2NzVmpVbkJsY1lGbVVMcDJUcmxGV3R0V1VvZG1SdWhXYkpGemJyWW1aRnAyWnhoWFdTZFhkNFozWWE1R1J0VjJiazlrTVJ4ME11Rm1ZWnBuU3c4V1kyUlRVNUpGZXR0bWNzSldaM04yTm1WRE9vVkhXRFpWVGFWVGJXQjNRMU1YTXNSVFNzVldkVGxHVTRWRVY1SUZiT05sTXFaMFYxVkhNNWhUU0xkMmF5c1NhbGxIZVdoalowTXpk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/1120/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_848669001584341629.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Animal Planet HD
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZZFhURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWm5aWFJscEZVb3AyYjVrR2RuaEVkd2sxY2haamE1NUdNMzVVUU5oM00zVWtTSEZtYUdGa2U1cFhkbzUyVkpGalJhbFhaMDQwVUpaMWEzTURPTkpsY3ZCamFyZzFZeUVuY3AxV1F6c1NkcjkwTTBCeks2eEdPcGgwWTRvWGRVbDJNd1lGYlg1VU9xVlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eh0kXQdnFPc.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", arirang
http://?MGwzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWemEyRWpTblpUY3JCbmUwWlZTNTVtUUdoMEwwcFhhM2RUUUJoWFdxTlROakpHU3ZVSGJycDJhME1YZTNoRmJTTjFMenQyYXV4VVRTZDNiMk5HY1hOMWIzZDNNNTUyZHNORWFtUkdOVXBuTURKWGJZRmxkWGREV0xwbll3QkhPTkIzUk9sblQzbzJVeVEwZDVGV1V0aGplNUYzVHlaR05XeFdVNHBXT0ZKR2F3Z21kWWxVVXV0eWFJVlhldjgyZEtkWFEyRTBaMGwyYTJVSFp1SkhTNVlVVm9CSFV1aEhjaHQwZFV4MlR1MVVjdzFtZGtaMGNHUkhUVWxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/372/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_070258001563623324.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Arirang TV
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5Q2V6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb3gyYjVrR2RuaGthd2sxY2haamF5NUdNMzVVUU5KWE1UOTBiRVJYZTRwblM0a0VlNkozZDJKVlZIWjNNNVZqTTNvMmNHcG1ZWUpET3VoamFFaEhaaFpuU0tWWGRVcFhlcE5YY0lwRmEzZGtTNDVVY2lkbmUzZ1dTYUpsZVFWMWFRUlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/485iHu5R5IB.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY Digital
http://?PWtXZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2Um5aU1pHY3BoMWR4NVdPcnRpTWhSSGV2TjNNYVJXWXhOelp3RjNLamhFTTBsRWJQSjNTMmhHVXlOa1l6TVViS0ZqVFA5bWE2eDBkblJIVnc1V2R6aGpTcjhTZEl4bWVFVkVicGR6WjVaMGMyaEdad2szYVoxbWF0VmxOMEFGV3JsV1FFaDBkQkJYWllGRVR4a0RlWUpETXhaRVVxRlZOM0JsY1Z4R1p2SWtObVpXY0pwSGN6WUZhemRGUnZjWGRTaDJOU05HTmtsVWU1QW5VS0JYTjZWRE5WRjBTRFpuV3YxbWQyd0VhVlJqVzJkRFcycFZRM3NtVTVjV2VEOUVUek1uZVpsVVJxNTBO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/666/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_129012001571808877.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY Digital Asia
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWnpaWFJscEZVb3gyYjVrR2RuaDBkd2sxY2haamF1NUdNMzVVUU5sV00yc2thV2xGZVRobGNyVm5jeVZYTVV0Q1pqZEdiSHhHZENoMWR2RWtheWtXVXFwV01EdEVUMDEyS3FCVFRoSkRkck0wVjZSMlM0OWljTDlFZVlsbWNYUjJOUXBsYXp0bVd5RlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/661/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_391613001571734325.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY Family
http://?dWRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5Q2V6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJscEZVb2QyYjVrR2RuaEVjd2sxY2haamF2NUdNMzVVUU5sSE0xMUdkSDFrYnZFSGExSW5jMEJqY0lkV2F5TUhkcndXTjZwR2NaVlZadHAxYnRsMVZ3ZEZORzVHZDVSMGMzQjNhMjlDTUY5MFVvUm5aTzUyVDFZbmVwbGxXWjFHYllWSFNaZFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/392/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_711632001561974375.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", ARY Music
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWm5aWFJscEZVb2wzYjVrR2RuaGtkd2sxY2haamF2NUdNMzVVUU4xR01KVmxOdWxHYXJkVmVGTjNScUZEVFVKVlNGRlhRMk1UWjYxVWJZVjBTenAyWnNKbFVZbFdPejhHV0laVFFrbDFad3dHVXJkR1VvZDBjVXBVZUVkbk5DaGxkVmxuY0NWV1dRbFVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/xQCgvBH3bg0.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", ARY Musik
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwbG1acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwWm1VbU5YYVlkWGN1bGplcklUWTBoM2I1TmpXa0ZXY3pnM2JJWlRZREpqZGlaMVNucDFhNFJHZTRoVFYyb25WRVYwUTFvbmVRUnpLSWRUT3BSbWJNTlVPQ3BIU1JGRFRxVjFkcEYyU3ZGR2R2ZG5jRmRVYkhoWE9tTm1Uc1pXZUpOWE13cFVVdFZ6TG5aa015Tm5TdFIxYXZ0V2NIVkZiM05XZHpOMkt4VUhaNGRIVDQ4MlEyTVZlcmwzTkxGRmIxMUVjdGRXY0hWSGFsTjJidlZWYnRoMlluWkVTcFpHZUxkbmRWbG5TM2tWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/651/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_639816001571735474.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", ARY News Asia
http://?M2RrV3lFVU5ZSlhURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJscEZVb1YzYjVrR2RuaDBkd2sxY2haamFxNUdNMzVVUU5SSE1yMTJaSXBuYktaMFE0cGtNMWhUZFRWV2NKUlhRazFXZU1KRGJNZEhhc2wxVjJCamNvUlVhYTVtVHB0MlZ1ZDJkRkJGTUVabFp6cEhlMHBVYndkMktpZG1VVmhHY3ZaR1R0RlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/7OI0UNq6t12.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", ARY Qtv
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwaG1acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwWm1VbWxYYVlkWGN1bFRkcklUWTBoM2J6TmpXa0ZXY3pFM2IzWnpMU05qYzFKalpCbDJkczFrZDF0eUtKSlhWQ2RVT3lwR2FEOWlkNDVHVHpKVWIxUm1kdlJYVDFNalVEVjFaUUYwWkJwVlpvMWtNWXRTUVZkM1Q1TjBjd2x6ZHcxV1JKSnpZc3BtUU5sVlRySm5NdkZtVHpvbWJyOUVlU2RWUnVWVWEwODJkVzFXVTRoMWFpcFhhanBYUkxsVU92bFdlWVZsUnU5V1lUSkdhM2dHYkJaWFppQkhVb2RsVnRCemF5OTJSdXRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/665/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_422270001571808569.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY QTV
http://?NWRrV3lFVU5ZdFdURlpWYmg5eWF6MFdaSVJIWjFaWFJscEZVbzkyYjVrR2RuaEVhd2sxY2haamFyNUdNMzVVUU54R013Wm1kWGQxY0k5RVpZWldZd1ZqU2FOV016NW1SeFZEVEQ5aWQ1RlRlTkZrUjRGSGUxOENPVGhuWjRFemRSbFhkSDFFYVlwMWN6bGpaMEExY2lSblo0dGlhME5VYXZ0a1N1RlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/386/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_630672001564827966.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY Zindagi
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZeFdURlpWYmg5U2J6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJscEZVb2gyYjVrR2RuaFVkd2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU5sM01FOUNOSnBVYTRwME4yeFdOb0JGWkNCVFI0TjNMbWhGTjRrRWVURlhOM2dHTnZkMUtoUlhjeVJuWkJKMU41WmphWUZWU3dza01vMUdXMkUzUkRoR040OVNhQ0ZWY25kalpGZFhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/t1Dt29onOQT.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY ZINDAGI
http://?PUVYZVRWak1NbFdlbXRHV29KWE5xWlRNS2RtTnh0R2M2Um5aU1pXZXBoMWR4NVdPc3RpTWhSSGV2WjNNYVJXWXhOamF5dGlhQjFtVHZGbVVFRlRWNWhHVXljVWFtQnpaWHBFUklaRE8yWjFUelprY21sWE53WkRWMzBFZXB4ME5KQmxNd2huY1ZWRU1yZ1dVb1p6YXBWMlozbG1aRmxUTW9obFMzUUZhWWhYU0tWMmNsdFNiSjlrTWFOR1M1dG1TekFuUUVobVdNSjFZNFZVZXpvbk41VVZSeWxYYlRGVFZ1TkhjM01tVTVzaWQ0WjJZUmxGTnZaSFdXOW1RcjlXVUVKVlRrNVVkbFYxVFFGMFRxSkZNd2NXVEdKM2N3cDJVaWxrY0lGVFlUUmth
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/84xExHj3DJ8.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Asian TV
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwRm5acmhGYXlWVGQyRWpTblpUY3ZCbmUwTlZPUFJYV3VaMVl3UjJaSVpHVVNwbFk0cG1iTDlHVDFobWRUTlhleGMxWm85eVV4TUZNeFJETUM5aWJaWjNSVWxVZHJnbGRGcEZTelJGTnJoekt6Um1UR0JIWm5obVk0OG1kNGRVUzNkVGMwVlRjcWxrYnBwM1ZNZDFOcWwxWlVsV2UzRTBUb2xVYXB0a1pSZFdhNWNFTnp4a2JJWkRkNkJsVTJSalNPOXlkUFJIVHdnM0xtcDNac2RFVzJzVWE0RmpUWGRtVDVFSFd3WldWMFVuZXhNbmNQdHlWclZYUnpZRVQxdDJNMWRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Asian TV
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUYzVCbmUwUkZXMWduYldoblZFaGxjek56VE5abU12UkhOR2hsZUlOM2JXOW1aeWhHYTZwVlMxd1dZbnAxTUYxa1FVTkhjMEVqUw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/asiantv.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ASIAN-TV
http://?PWtXZVRWak1NbG1kbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2UjNWTVZUZVhGbVlWRkVTMWhYV3ljVVJLSjNVMWMxU3FoV2NUWkhlMFUzTG5sbVJZaERacllYV2xGbFlPNUdia2hVUmlsV2J4cDFZdk1VVWtGWE5GWjBjMFYyY3JWbFR4dEVNelZWUVk5MFp6YzNOaDFrZVlkamQ1Z0ROeWQzSzVWV1lrbDNaUHhHVHlFbVZySjFaSEoyUXJNSGFwTlVRc2hIVVdwWE54VTNRV0ZIYTNFMlJySnpONEpFYm5ka1FKcEhXT0ZYTTVJVWFrOUNid2xuVTAxMkx3dEdNSHAzS0IxbU5rOXlad016WXlwbFMydDBaMWNtWmhOM1VGZGpkdDFHZDFjRk9uWkVa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/Asianet_News_Logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Asianet News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/ZCqILa0u7vD.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ATN Bangla
http://?PWNXZVRWak1NbFdlbXRHV29KWE53WlRNS2RtTnhkSGM2Um5aU1oyZHBoMWR4NVdPNnRpTWhSSGV2bDNNYVJXWXhOamF4WmpSNWhWTzZCWFFHUm1ZcDVXY2xWemI1SkZhVnRTYXlwMGRyUjJZWWhEVDJRSE5UUkZNMG9rZXdZamE1TkhWcjlVTW1aRE1MSm5hUlpWVXlNMGNoTlRlRU5XTm94a2R5TTBjUGRYYllOVGRIaFVkeVVHZU5sVlMxSm5Ud3N5UXRoSFRsdDJWVkIxWnNaM01CQmxVbjlTVzRNWGNrZFdPdmNXZGg5bWJsQkhlTEJUV3lkR2VhdDJLQ05IYnlzU1M0SUhjbGx6ZGtsa1FvQm5ZVVJYYzJsWE9sZFhUSzUwWktwRmJHSkhV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ATN Bangla
http://?cGwzVTFJRFRwdG1acmhGYXlWVGQyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwSm1UdDVHYkJkSGRETkhhbFIwY0Jabk11aGtaamhGVjJ0MkszUUdWdXRDZVB0U05NSldaM2hIVjA4Q01LMVdZeFZVYQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ATN Bangla UK
http://?NGwzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUYzBCbmUwRldWbGgzVUNoM1YzUXpibGwxWktCRk52NW1TQlpsYkRCblpIcFVTemtuYnhrVVRHRm5WM2RXWVROR1RzbFdOdVZXVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/DJcpP2t4Mdp.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", ATN Islamic TV
http://?PWdYZVRWak1NbEdlbXRHV29KWE42WlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2Um5aU1pHZXBoMWR4NVdPdXRpTWhSSGV2WjNNYVJXWXhOemJ4NTBjVk5YYm5kRFNMRmtOT0puTUw1VVROTldjNVZrUW1KRFoxSlZVd00yYXJRSFV4RUhWcXBGY3pKR1UxSWxVbmhtYUZ4VU9FMVdPWmhUYks1V2FreG1VR2hXZXloWE5rVjNaM3RXTjJSVWI1RVhlRGhUVnBaak4zbHpiV0owUlVoR1JycEdad3RDYllsRVNYNVVaNWxGTkJsbFpyY0dWTU5FWjVwbGV2VlRhd2xXVW41bVdIUjBhdklIZXpCblVRVmpkUzlTZDVNMU0zSmpSU1JHZEp0R1JqRlZXblZEYTE4a2NVSlVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", ATN Islamic TV
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRwbG1acmhGYXlWRGEyRWpTblpUY25CbmUwWkdWa3BXV0kxVVYzTkZib3hFYUZ4a2RwNUVlcXhVV2l4MktSbERjbTl5YlZoRFJLSlZlelZITzRvV2IwbzNhcmhIVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/H86bSTqPN6O.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", ATN Music
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRweG1acmhGYXlWemEyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwWm1VbUZYYVlkWGN1bERjcklUWTBoM2IxTmpXa0ZXY3prR2N5eFdOc3AwYW5kVlRHNVdTelowY0NkMmFyZ0diNWtVYVJObmUxVVRUM0lXTXlKamVrWlZPSVozWnljak5oUjNjdHRFZVV0R1czaERUYUoyUXFWWFUxOFNRSkJUYXFSekwwTlVSNkYySzNoSE1TZG1ldzBHV3lSWGUzVmxUcU5HWnpSVk5WZG5XcUpuYjRnVFNucG5lVTFrU0c5RWVwdFVVMmNFYklsWFRuTm5NMkIxWmp0V2F3bzJTdGxqU0JKbld2b25UdGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2c08GCMcP3z.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ATN News
http://?NmwzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWemMyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwWm1VbUJYYVlkWGN1bERicklUWTBoM2J2TmpXa0ZXY3o4MmJoWlRPRGQzY2FkMlREeDBReFJGV3dvWFV4azNTSDlXVm5sV2FSWlVTMTQwTHNaMUxEaFVSeU1uV29WVFFRZGpia3BHUlVGVk9zTmpXMHBIVTQ5V01HZEdWVHAxYlloRFJyWTFhb05FV3JaV1VGOTJTd056UXlVbmVPZEdWVVZuZTE5V00wTUhSWTFHY2toSFVGcFZieVJtYlk5R1d4QnpRVlZFZHl4V014bHpMUFpHZEMxa1YzZHpiNEYzUXExV1kzQTNTV0ZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", ATN News
http://?cmwzVTFJRFRweG1acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUYzFCbmUwUjFSRWgyYkNaRlZ2ZzJaWTFXUVlSVFM2ZFhZWkJEY3pkWE1TMW1ST05UZTJ0eWNtVmpRdFoyYnNwVk4xczJTMHRFTw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/atnbangla.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ATN-BANGLA
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE56WlRNS2RtTng5R2M2UjNWTGQxWkxaV2RLaDNWMVIzY3NkM1Z1aG5WNU4zYmFSa2RXWjFRaFJsZG9abWRzSlZkcWRuV1hSbmFHbGxhQ2hHZENaalp3cFhPNUZFZXZsMlp3QVhldmtYZDFrMlZEaHpNd0pYTzNCWFExVlhXWFpVVURORGRxbG1TSzEwS3VSMFJaaHpaS2xYWlBSa2JXZERheEVtTTBja1Y2NVdReEoyYjFRWE4wUUVhd3NXZUtwR2U0OWtheTlXTW1sVmFRbG1lRnhFZFhWRWF3ZHpWWDEyTTNKMWF3WTFUUXBtUXM5Mll2c0VjTHBFYTE1RWR0RjJMeUprYkpOM2FvaGthTDFHZDBOMmJ2Qnpj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/94.jpg" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", ATN-ISLAMIC-TV
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwZDFTWEYzU21WblM0ZGxjME5IYjNkbGJ2WlZlejltV0VCblZ4Y0ZUdTltY01aM1V2QVhSd3BtV3pVV2F4SjNkWkpGV0pWVWNNUmpaSlJrZDZoVFpUbG5ZMGwyWm5WSE82MTBjNGQzWUJkRGN2WkVkcEIzTEoxR053QmxNVTkwY3ZkbWNocFZNMUprTlc5VVl2ZG1kMThXV3dsMGFhTlRXdXBuYnk5aWRoUkZUMGRtTnpjMWFOaEZhbGgyZFRSMU41TmpXNEVUZTRsSFZtWmxXTFYzYkRSR093b1ZRejlHYXFoV1FDbG1SWjFtYTJGRGV4ZzJLMHgwUXZOek1rTjJUUEJYWjNVM2NDbEhicWQxY3BsRlMxZERjTzlVYktCSFRQNVdRUlpFYm01bU1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/H86bSTqPN6O.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", ATN-MUSIC
http://?PTRXZVRWak1NbEdlbXRHV29KWE52WlRNS2RtTnhoR2M2UjNWTGRGZUxaV2RLaDNWeVIzY3NkM1Z1cG5WNU4zYmFSa2NXcG5hekpXZG90MmN4RVdPb2RXT3JrVFV6bFhiRzlVVzBKVlZ5cG5Ua2xVVHJkWE12MWtlQk5FYmxKalIxTVRSMTl5YWt4a1pRWlhkWU4yVFZSV2NJZGpOblp6WjBWMlpzZERSclpuUlhWbU0xb0djNWRIZFBaemF2TmpObVZuZUxoSGNaZFdiWE5sYkRWM2EyRjJNckZXVUx0eU1zaEhVRTEwTUs5U2E0NDBMclJUWnhCMUtFbEZaMWdtU3k4Q01HRkZka05GUmh0R012VlZVNVpuZHU5V1F4Z1hTUUJGY25aSGEyNDJh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/108.jpg" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", ATN-NEWS
http://?PVVYZVRWak1NbG1kbXRHV29KWE50WlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2UjNWTGQxWkxaV2RLaDNWM1IzY3NkM1Z1Qm5WNU4zYmFSVWVXdGlRRVZqUjRKV2E0OEVTT2htTko5U1F6SUZjdlZYYVNkVFoxVkVTTDFXVWtSWE5heEdjNHBFYzVOM1ZvaEVUMVJtYXhSWGJ2d0dhWnhFTjRkemEwcFdjb0ZqTnFsME13ZzNZendtYWpkMlp4TW5lb1JUUlRWM1o0NVVjeEFqTnFoMlN4WkRTSlJVYldsVE5CRlZRb3RrZFd0a01EaG5jNVVUY3ZoMVpsWlRZcXhVZXNoMUtyY1VNRmRYWTJWRGF4aG5lSEJqV3gxMlE2bEhlV3AzZHdrblRRdHlNMWgyYkVkWGRZWlRV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/653/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_494935001573012992.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Australia Plus
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb3AyYjVrR2RuaEVhd2sxY2haamF2NUdNMzVVUU5CM01LWldOblpHYmxOR1prUnpZMkZWUkhsMVRSNTJMeXBHYTVNWGRPZG1XMjBXVzBKMlN5aEVNNWhIYXlKM1VERmtiU1puTTJrV052VlhNbEIzU3hjbWExOFdlekpXYk1oV1poOVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Azan TV
http://?NWwzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWamEyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwTm1ZeG9YVUNsa1FodEdiMU5tTlhSMGFzNUdNNmwyTUVwM1Zya0hkMzVHYlBwMlZTbEhNcTVtTWhWVFFtbG1ZR0JIYQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/375/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_623309001563772673.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Bangla TV
http://?b2RrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5aWF6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJscEZVb3AyYjVrR2RuaEVld2sxY2haamF3NUdNMzVVUU5SM01TRkdVbHBWZDVnVE14eFVONmQyYTBwRmJ0ZDNkckpYU0Y5VWQ1YzNiVVIxZHdwM1FsdENVR0JIY1RGa1p6d0VheWRWVzZCRFY0aDFLUlpqY0tGSFUwWkhNazEyYTFWblY0RlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/raiZvB8y1Nv.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Bangla Vision
http://?PXNXZVRWak1NbEdjbXRHV29KWE5wWlRNS2RtTng5R2M2UlhXM1JXZDA0MGRvbFhadmRGTmFKM1F3SlhNQ1p6TFlaMWNTTm1TcnBrVjI5Q09UZGtkM2QzUUxaR2N4VUhkYXBYT21WMlVvaERTckUwU3oxV1lzQlZkNWdYZW9oVE5aWkZWc2xEYVlSelF4RTNNaDEyTk45eWN2ZFZONjFHVTI1V1pzdDJjMlkzUjFNMVN4OFdjVlZXVFNkVlJ2WkdSeXBuVUxWblVIbFdPaHAzYjVza2VTbERXNUpsV1RKalE1c21jdm9IUkhaamVKTjJWdUJYV3dWMGN2QkZWcjBHZE10V1lGUlVheEJ6YTZkbWEyQkRjSkJsYjIxMlZVWldXS1ZrY0MxVWQwMDJL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BanglaTV
http://?NWwzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWRGMyRWpTblpUY3NCbmUwSlZWNGsyVXdVellRQkRjMGhVTXNSV1IxaG5NeU5tYTQxbVQzQWxOTjlFZXNSSFVNaDJTd0Z6VFpkbmN2c0dNNW9GVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Banglavision
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWamEyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwRlZVbGxYT0lkVGVycEViaUprU1JGVVJ3cGtZNDh5S3p3R1VWRldaNkZsZXpRVFVFdEVkNWRXYnFSRWQzNEdkeGNuUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8bOOXkJ1cLJ.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", BBC World
http://?MGwzVTFJRFRwZG5acmhGYXlWRGIyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwTm1XVWxuUXpCbFk0WWxhNWxrUTFnRlZxZGtTcDlrU1NsMmRaSkVPdDlXYzJKRU5VcFhkNlJuUzBWallHUkhkVU5IVG5KM2J6cEdSUlIwVHAxMGIyOENhSXBYU3hjVFVuZG5jajVHTjNRR09zVjNTSkZtUWhsSFRESjFVck5YZFBkM1QxUVVkMWgxUXZjelV6WkhUUGhuUlRkRWJUbG1jVVoyWXZwWFk1UWtObGxIVElKWFZ4UmplemhuZHhnMmF4TldNRUJEYVd0V1FheDBRbmRqYUhORWUxWXphcjkyTHhRMFRFcFhRdlVWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/bbcworldnews.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", BBC-WORLD
http://?PVVYZVRWak1NbDJabXRHV29KWE52WlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2UkhWalIwWkp4RVROVjFONkZuVzVna1lNWkhWcFpITlZWSGFVUnpLWEJ6UXdGbVZYQkhUa1pIZEtobFZ6SkRlVFJHTXZFSGN3WlhiaU4wVE5OWFNESjNUVlYzYnhBamRXSm1hNFZGYnpSRWN6TjNLeWszZDRrSGMxeFVTbmRVWnlsV2VGeDBVb2xXWVNORVRKWlZkM2cyZDJNa1QzRm5NUEZITmxablVsaDBTM3AxWkJKR053czJMNWxIZDBRMFREWjNhcDlpU2tabmFyZGxZQ2hYYTI1VVFGbDNjNUkzTGFSak5DTjNiWE5VUW1OMkw2Wm5ieVJXVzNjV011eEVaYUpYYVc1MlZ2TnpZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/364/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_574846001561974497.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Bflix Movies
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZNVdURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWndaWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaGthd2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU5oM015eG1URUZqZXlZVFNZaG5OM3BsWUtGelJxTjNMeUVqVVRwRmI0STFTSmhFVzJCWGV1SmpWNXAzVlRobFV5TWtjdlpsVXVWelVxbDFTNGxGT1UxMmJDZFVNQ1JWYlRwR09WVlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.indiantelevision.com/sites/default/files/images/tv-images/2019/03/20/ganga.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Big Ganga
http://?MVZIVG9Kak5qbFdlUzlpTTNsamI0NVdSM0FUVHZsbmJtQnpWeFJITll0MGNDTlZkMFpsUjB3bWFuSldNeXBsYXVKbmMxbFZiVlYxZHFSRFR3dFdPNjVVUjRWR2JHZEdiczkwWTQwMmJoNVVjeEpGUjNwWFIwY2tNd2xYZTFFVVpEcDJaV1JXYm1OVGN4SlhNNWRXZVh0V09QRkZWeUZqYnBGak40ZG5kMVJ6Wmlaa1NUOUdkaDlrTWFGV2NHUjFjU0JGTXBwblYzSkVOd0luTVFCVFNqQkhlNk5EYTFoM1ZyZDFjMk5HVzNnbVU0bGtlMkZsYjJGbFMyQmpVdkpqYlRKRFdDRjNabE5XUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/Big_Magic.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Big Magic
http://?d1ZIVG9Kak5qOVdlUzlpTTNsRGQ0NVdSM0FUVDFsbmJtQnpWeE5ITll0MGNDTmxkMFpsUjB3bWF3SldNeXBsYXVwbmMxbFZiVlZsZXFSRFR3dFdPNjVVUjRWR2JHaEdiczkwWTQwbWRoNVVjeEpGUnVwWFIwY2tNd1JYZTFFVVpEcFdjV0pGYkhoa2VwZFRjekoyVFlwM0wwc0dlRmxIYnY0a2NHZEZhblJFWlB4a1NtOW1ickYzWjRSMWJ2RVhjM01HTXdKRWFGdFNkNW9IUm5KME40RVRkVnAzTENKbFpzcG5RWUpEVFNsV2FVRmtkbmRqYkdSRlQ0MFVUcGhXYnlnRWFHWm5XeGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/374/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_253544001564828972.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Bijoy TV
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZdFdURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWnNaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaGtjd2sxY2haamFvNUdNMzVVUU5kR01HbG1OWlZYYkdWemJ3aG1kb1oyYXROV1d2UlhPbWxXTTFBWGJLMTJkb3BIUjRKRGN4MTBkU0puWjBZVWFONVdldjlTYUoxa1puVkdlNFFYV3lNM014ZEZlbUpuZXRaRWJTZFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BijoyTV
http://?b2wzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWamQyRWpTblpUY3VCbmUwVkdWMWxuVWxWMmQySmtidjBtZG9sa000ZFhRVWxWTndBWFI0czBRSWwwY1FSelNQTkVlNFozZDJRMFEyQTNWMEJqWQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Binodon BanglaTV
http://?NGwzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWamQyRWpTblpUY3ZCbmUwcDFMNVEzUmpaalV6bFdkUDlXUTVnR2J3dEdkMWQyWTQ1bVNvWldhMlVqYnlwRWJwOUdNMTVHYU9sMFY0Y0dPVUZtVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BiswaBangla24 TV
http://?emwzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUY3JCbmUwTmxZcm9YYmpCRmNMZDNkMndrYmk5VVY1QjFTMmdFYXdsWE8wRXpiQ04yZFRoRlpsVjFVdlJYVVhKbWV2eEdSeFkyVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/20mgRCbFLz5.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Boishakhi Television
http://?NmwzVTFJRFRwZG5acmhGYXlWRGEyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwbDFka0ZITk9kSGE1VldkWFJqV3lORWMxRmpRMjhDV1dGblUzWmtUM1lWYXlkemFpRkdiNlpFUjBSR1dvMUdidmwzS2h0R2RqMTJVVHBrVjVKM0xuaFdlcnBIVm85MmI0UW5hRFZYWnc1a1o2ZG5kalJuTXJSblN6NVdTckUwWnlBRk0wRW1VdkpsY0dKWGJVdDJRVTFtVzJwM1pxZDFkNU5GYnZabGVEUnpUd2tuZTJnVE5XcGxkUFZVUnlkVmJ4dEdaRFpuY0RobWJ4Rm5kUE5IYUpGalRZUnpWd3RHZUtSbloycEdjcmxtTTBJMGRFQkZXVnBYUjNObllJMUVkTDFtTXhSbVFLbEhiMlVuY3hja2QwZGxUM2R6UzVvbmMxcEVidlpVY3dKMUwzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/236/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_037851001493196124.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Boishakhi TV
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZZFhURlpWYmg5aWF6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJscEZVb2QyYjVrR2RuaEVid2sxY2haamF0NUdNMzVVUU5aM01CWlVlRkpIYTRJRk8wcDNNNGQwYXkxMGF2WjNUQ2hHVzVzRWFtSjJhREZGTXFGV2VxbFZTWHRHYnZnRldyMFViUUZtUlpORFo2RjFWb0J6WTZWWE02QkZObmxGYURoMU5HdFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Boishakhi TV
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwaEZjWlozVXExa1dtbFVkd3AyTTF3a1E1ZFVZckVGU3lKSFQ2QlZWRDltYW1ORVQzZDNieWQyS1BGelZPcEhOcmRrTg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/boishakhitv.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BOISHAKHI-TV
http://?cGwzVTFJRFRwZG1acmhGYXlWRGEyRWpTblpUYzRCbmUwTkdWNE1YY0dobk5ySXpjcE5rTUNOV1Z1SjJUenAxUUdsMlRZMUVPNDlrY25GWFJvUlZXcmxWV0NSR2I0Vm5abGxEUjBFamVNWmtjeGxGY3ZWV01TdGllVzVXTzIwV09ZTlVld2NFVWlSM1N6aFdSeXN5U0xkM1UzaFVZelIxYlR0V2MwY2tlNDEyUXhVbmNYSm5laUpFYzFVSGJTOVVhNUlWYjZkVVJGZFRWNWhXVE01a01UaGtiNE1tVElwblZ2TjBieE1UVXFObmJ0TkdUWDlDZGtsemNGdFdiblowTHdoRWVYVm5TRjFFUm9sRGFUdHlWTkpVZHl0a1RCeFdTaWhYY0JGR2FROUNlaVZrWnZBRE0yTjNRSmhVUWxOWGJScEVTR2xVYlBkekxSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Mq2jeWV007t.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Bongo Movies
http://?PW9XZVRWak1NbG1hbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTnhkSGM2UlhXM1JXZTA0MGRvbFhaeGRGTmFKM1F3dFdNQ1p6TFlabGRVOTJOMkV6UjFWMWQ0SjFTMnQyTW1OM1lTUkRhakpVUlJwVVVwSlhPSU5WTUMxR1RDWm1VeHNrY0lSamJQQm5ZdlpWTzBZR080a25RenAwVG1KbGJuMUVjaEJsZTNCVFNHdGlXaWQyUUxOM1FxRkhiVEZsUk1SVFIwbEVaUmR6WVJoV2VSOVdiamxuY1RoalZXUldhNEZIT3QxR1dZbG5XU3htU3JKMmJJWkZSWVYxTnZ4VVdqMVVOMEpYYkNsSFdQbDBaT3hrVjVka1c2TkRhRGxuVVVsMlVKNUdPSEpGYTBVVlZNSjFi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Mq2jeWV007t.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BONGO-MOVIES
http://?PVlYZVRWak1NbEdibXRHV29KWE40WlRNS2RtTnhsSGM2UjNZTXhFYVJkVWFKaEVjdFZqYnFsSFpVZEhUelZGVGFSRmNRTlZVeUoxTHpKMGJOVkdiemRIT1dCM0xGRjBhTkJuYzNaVVRxUmtTeEpYVVpsMktuaFdkNnAxY3lJek1SWjNhc0pqUk1WVGJDeEdONnBrV1VkR2R3NFVRRGQxUXVaWGMxUmxNcmRtYndaVVZPOTBiSlZ6WU9obGE1Rm1OWlpuUlJsbll3ZEVlMVpIZFFGSFZReFVRMjEwUkNoWE8zMDJRc0pVUmxkV2F5WWplMXBrVTR0MmR3TVhldWRYVjRKVk01dFVlM1VrTkpWRGVwOUdVNGQzTEdkWGNCTlZZSEJEYm1OSFNNOUdi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/564x/a0/89/15/a08915e3ddc39cddf15d88e686f608fb.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Boogle Bollywood
http://?elZIVG9Kak5qOVdlUzlpTTNsemQ0NVdSM0FUVHZsbmJtQnpWeDVHTll0MGNDTmxhMFpsUjB3bWF1SldNeXBsYXVobWMxbFZiVlZGYXFSRFR3dFdPMDVVUjRWR2JHZEdiczkwWTQwMmFoNVVjeEpGUnZwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcFdjV05tWWxabGI1dDJOYVpqVTE1R2JsUm5id2wxY0lOMFREZGxRczUwSzMwRVJtUlhZQzFtWVBCM1pLcDJOU1owZDE5a2VQbDFRMEZuUWtOellJaEhidmgzVUxCbk5zaDBWM1ZrVzA5bWUwSWxOTWxYZXlobFk1TkRiM1JIUzNVSGVya0dkdE5HZG5GR2RUSldPMU1tTnlSbmQ0WjBhaDFXWnIwRVdvZDFhRDEwVW05RVY1ZERaeTRtYUVOM2MyeFVla3RDY281VU0zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BT (Only for BD)
http://?eWwzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUYzBCbmUwRlZUamxIZUlKMFFRQmpkMkpYUWhkMU41OUNXT2hFUk9Cbk5DdFNjd0ZWYnlRRGVYTm1ZMFptTVVOR1NCcFdOWU4wSw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", BTV Kadak
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWamEyRWpTblpUY3RCbmUwbDFZRmQyYXhBMWJreG1kWWRqWTNRM0tyOUNTTGRWVHRGbmNQeDJSTVZuYzFJSFZYdDBZMWRsZHdJelZ2TjNRNFZqZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BTV World
http://?MGwzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUY3RCbmUwVlZUV3QyWTRjamFJTjFjUE5GTXZkblJ4cGxiWWhXWXJvV2VyVUZhcHgwWkdOa052VXpRd1ZtVEcxbVN3Y0hWTGwzTkZSemF0ZEVPNUJsUnlKVll5ZFVZa3BtWXVKMllhWm5kT0J6Y0hWalJ1TlRjSnAwZG10V1Z1bEZNUU5FYUlaMFN4WTJhMzFXTXNwM05ocG1kb0ZtYjN3MGRrTjFNYXhFYTNCWFc1bGxWb2gyWjNGVll2TjBja05WTTJkRlIxTnpZa0JWWnlnSFJyYzNTMjhTZWtsR00xTkdjdE56Y1ZkVWNCNUdVdnNXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BTV World
http://?c2wzVTFJRFRwaG1acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwVkdUdUZuU2FwWFJPNTJha3hXYjNWVFFyVm5jb1ZtWlM1bVJ6NUdadWRIZW5CVFVxRm5WbmhYWm5kR2JYZG5ZSGRrUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/99ZKMd4mWYM.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BTV-WORLD
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE5vWlRNS2RtTnhOSGM2UlhZVlpHYnVkMlN6QkZSd3RHZXcwV2N2dG1adnhXYzNNMWMwcG5XMXRHUndCRFdxUkRSR2wyYkVwRmFPZG5kMm9tZHpKMmF1bHpSeUlYWUY1V2FVOUdScEpVYjBGbWFYVlZaeGhGYVFwVVVKZG1VTVJWY3BOVmRCUjBSWTEyWnVwRVV5UWpaWEpuZTVaMFRaRmtleUlYUzJwVk1zRnpiMVF6YTY5R1NoaFdXMWx6YnlNWFQ0UXpkclZVTWxORFZQUlhVRGwyWXZSelo0Z21VSUJGZHdwRlJ3RkVVQ1puUTMxMEtJbEdia05uUlNsblUwaEVSdmNVZDNKM1Q0aGpWSGxrYTNrMlVGOVdh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/657/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_763503001571746853.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", CCTV 4
http://?NWRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJscEZVb0YzYjVrR2RuaGtld2sxY2haamF5NUdNMzVVUU4xV01TMWtWekJUZE5Oa2JXMUdldVpqWm9KbE42TlhkWU5HTzNCVGIwdDJTUmgzWXpoMWJDTkVVTWhHUnJvbllPeDBhUk5UUnFWVlNvRjJOdlZEUjB3MmRwUlRXM1IwYVdwRlNRTlhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/668/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_106517001571809353.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", CGTN
http://?NWRrV3lFVU5ZNVdURlpWYmg5eWR6MFdaSVJIWndaWFJscEZVb2QzYjVrR2RuaGthd2sxY2haamEzNUdNMzVVUU5obU01WkdXaHhVZVpKVWRacG1RNlJtTkdOVE00cDNhbGxYZHlNbGVtOUdUdmQxY25SVE02WmxhMklYY0dKelMxdFNiM0ZWUjRKVmE2QlZNRUYwTDFJWFEyRWpXckF6ZDVNVlRFUlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/52/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_634940001561971044.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel 24
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5eVp6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb2QzYjVrR2RuaDBkd2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU5SWE1hSkdNSkYzZDRZSGMyY2xicnRtTndNV1VOZFhlaGhVVnpsRmJyOVdhcm9VVjBWbWNQbG5ObGxuYXY1a2NaeG1kd0p6Y3VKM1R3WjJMNUVEYkdOWGV3WmxWeUFIY3ZOMFV3VVZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Dh0neKDKLrs.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Channel 24
http://?PVFYZVRWak1NbEdkbXRHV29KWE55WlRNS2RtTnhSSGM2UlhaM1VqYVVsVmF6Y1djcmxVTXd3RVU2TjNMUWhIT1FaVWEycG5RdUpWWjFCSFNTWjJhTnhHZXZOalYwRnpkUXRHVFNoVVoxWm5Xc2xFY0JkSGQ0RVZOclpYZDQ4U1pEWkhXMzVVZXpzU1JhdEdTNGtYZGlKbGEwQkZXeHBrZXZOVlpRVjNhdXRtUzNsbGN3VUZlT2htZXpWa1JwRkRXS3RtTks5MlFrZDJMMXhtYzBzU1F6aERPdHRHTkNsa1F3ZDJaeVlIUlBGbWFONWtjTEZuTnFSV1J1SkdjTjltZWhSSE9QaERkVEJYV1RKM1I1TjFMTlpEZUxsMlNrRkRVQ3RFY3J0V2NOVlRP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel H
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwZG1acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwTjFicnMyTEdKM00wRVdiU2wwTnA5V1cxUlhTeDUwTkRCM1RweEVVWWQzYTM4MlR3UlViNk5FYTZWWFo0UW5NUVpIZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/3/logo/115x115/1481106966.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel i
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZZFdURlpWYmg5eVp6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJscEZVb0ozYjVrR2RuaGtkd2sxY2haamF2NUdNMzVVUU41Mk12SWxSeklUY2FSVFlLWjJONEpEVk9kVWI0ZG5Ud3BHYWx0bWI0ZDNOd3R5U3pkMGJOZG5SUmxIZUlOR09GOVNkTXBWZE9KR2NuQlZaSmQzVVp0bU1vbDBiaVpUZTJvMU5RVlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel i
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwaG1acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwZEZWMm8yWjBSekw0VW5jcWRVWW1sekw1VlVPVDVFTVRWbk5YbFVXNGd6ZEROVFVTdDJTdUJWUWFwbWQxYzNTek56TQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel S
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUYzBCbmUwVjJkNTkyVlhwMlR1TlhkTXRDVXI5VVZySldSYUZGY1R4R080SnpLbWRUYU14RVdSQlhSMkZYWnlaRGREaG1Rb0prYQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel S UK
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwaG5acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUY3pCbmUwcDFWUFZuTkVsM1Q2bGtlclIzS0tkSFp2bG1XeVVUTlpabmNsWnpTbXBYYjNJbmR2cEdUc3RVVkx0MGN5OVdSUlJtUw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/channel24.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", CHANNEL-24
http://?PVlYZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE42WlRNS2RtTnhsSGM2UkhXVlJFZENCVFN3bzFhejlVVDBVamNKMTJaMFkxTFhKRmF6d1Vkc1ZXYjNaR2RhWlhjWmxHV2xGbVlSbERhTEJUVEhGbFM0SmpTa0ZHTnBwbWQzcDFZblpIZGlwV1o1WVZadmRXZUZWSFZIeFdlUnBIZTNkM2NUOW1hcmswUjVGMEs1QlRhM0lIYlZKVVNxRmxhclpUVm1Cbk13VkRTckJqV3hsWFNHUnpORHBWZHhKbE11ZGpkMHAwUzAxVU8zc21VNVozS3lRbGNHRm1RbHBsYzBCVFFNUmpjelpuTjJOWE1yeFVjRngyTDIwbWF4NWtaWWxFYURSSGFIVldZNkZqZDRoVmVwUm5T
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/channeli.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", CHANNEL-I
http://?PTRXZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE5wWlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2UkhXVlJVY0NCVFN3bzFhdTlVVDBVamNKVjNaMFkxTFhKVmR4Z25WeHcwWjFSMFlaRjJUdnNXYktObVZxTkVkYWRFWjQwMGR6QlZRcTkyTVNsSFZDdFdPTHRVZHA5aVZVbFVTcVZuYzFzU1dtNUdieEZHWmhKM2RDbGtScUZETnZ0bWVXdFVTVmwzVjBRVmJRUmxlMWdsZU5abmVwWjNhTnhHT3MxMlNSVmtXQ0ZXY3psa2VqSmpZeFJrTUxSWFJtWm5VcWgzTHhGRGRqWmpkdVZIT3dGWGVZTlhRMkYzYTA4eUx3azNhU0psVWlkbVp5SmplbWxqUTJFblZ3aFhWNGxIYnY1R1pxOWlZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel24
http://?bmwzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwTldkcU5uU3JFamVvWlhjVEpIU3loWGQxRjJkM3gwVkJWWFJZUm1lVjVFYVZKVVR5RTJNb2hVY1hkMVJKUkhXaVJtWQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://livetvscreen.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/Chardikla-Time-TV.jpg" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Chardikla Time TV
http://?eFZIVG9Kak5qcFhlUzlpTTNsemE0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeEJITll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWE2SldNeXBsYXUxbWMxbFZiVlZWY3FSRFR3dFdPeDVVUjRWR2JHaEdiczkwWTQwV2JoNVVjeEpGUjZwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcEdhV0oyS214bVIxWm1Wa2xGZGpsR1J4SVZldk5IYTUxV1Z2TkdXc0psY0h0bWN2MFdNdm9GVzNaa2J5TmxNUmQzWXVKM2F4aHpWTVZYU0V4V1Z5eEdhVzVrZDBjVU91dDJTeGMwTjVJSGI1RVZUMFJqYTFjM1R3WjJTMkZXZTFjRFpVaFhkeGdEYnlsMlpHTlhRNlJtTXJaMGRLQlhOMGNIVDFnR055UlVkcnBtUzEwV2I2Rm1jVlZrTm5OM1lrdHlObXAzYjUxMFlCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", City TV
http://?dGwzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwUlZSbGhXVnpORGJMUlVjbk5GZVNsV1ZzRkZld0FsVlpSM0tsOVNNWVprYnY4eVZGbG1OMk4zU050ME1xaG1VV2xHVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2425/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_109855001609413112.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Colors
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5Q2V6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJscEZVb0ozYjVrR2RuaDBhd2sxY2haamFuNUdNMzVVUU5aWE1yQkRaTFowWld4a2VKeG1jMmRuYXprMFU1Y0dORTlXVnJkM1pzdDJUT2QySzFObmEwZEVjUWhYUXFSMWJIbDFicmtYUTRwMmJ4cG1lSXAwTlZkMlVWOUNSWkpWYnlwVlYxbFVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2505/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_992202001610391308.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Colors Bangla
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5aWF6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb1YzYjVrR2RuaFVkd2sxY2haamFyNUdNMzVVUU5kR01wSkZWSWhGZTFvR1dPRmpRNmhrVEJKVk5MbDJZcUJWYjRjbGVWSm5kaHBXV3dKM1ZvWkRaNDEyVjVkbFI2aFdhNWRFYTNCVlI0Sm1hQngyWldwbU1ReEdXdFJEY05KR2R0aFRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2423/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_667791001609587559.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Colors Bangla HD
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZZFhURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaEVkd2sxY2haamFvNUdNMzVVUU50R01WTmphdjRFY0lGa1FOZFdiMWwwYTRVa2RrTm5UMUVHVDY1MGF0bGpZaVZsVnZGM2NGdDBSMEZIZWhKbFlLRjJhYXRrTVFoelNwZDNVMlUzUlBaWFl4WTBiWUZUYkZkbVJRaFRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2426/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_260373001609413435.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Colors HD
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZWlhURlpWYmg5aWN6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaFVid2sxY2haamFzNUdNMzVVUU5wbk1hRlZjUEYwYTE4MlZFVlhhemh6WjRrRE1NNUdiMTBtWTNZRmRQRmtjNUZXUnZGbllvSjFTVXgyYXc4MFZoVmpjdmNFTU85aVNxWkZWNkYzZHlrSGMxWkhVRFpXYUVGa1Exa1VQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2436/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_855611001609415813.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Colors Rishtey
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5eVp6MFdaSVJIWnRaWFJscEZVb3AyYjVrR2RuaEVjd2sxY2haamFyNUdNMzVVUU45V01tTjJidzhXYXlObFZCaG1NME5qTlpaSFphSm5RMElYY3loeloya0hhdjkwTHhCalY0Y2xWUEIzTmxKV1poQkZjeUJGVVI5a1U1cDJieVFHY3h3R1V3eDJVMzBtYnpvVU9tMVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/jjVVEdLt5UD.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", COLORS-ASIA
http://?PWNXZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE54WlRNS2RtTng1R2M2UjNZcVJWYXIxVWRuaEZVMVpWTTJCRmNXcG1SMlZEUlVGamFYdHlLMndVZG9sbFlFbFdlTnBXYTJ4V1JwTm1kaWxIT1hOVld2aEhlMVFrVW5kV2NNSlZkM0lEYnZ4bVVXTlRleVZuTTFKVFpMUlhjM0lqWURka2N5UjFNV1JuZHVwV01MOVVNNE5YWTJkMWJCQkRkSk5GY0Z0MFI1SnpOM1kyVEhsWFV5SW5kMEFsZFpWa1FyWWtjcUpIZHZFR2RVUm5ZcVYyUWxSVmJzcG1hNDUwYTRsMWM1QkhaalpuVk1sRlV0bEVlS2RrVlBaRFR3Wm5ZdnQyUmt0MlZ6TmpNUk5WZU14a2J0NVdk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/colorsbangla.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", COLORS-BANGLA
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwTm5acmhGYXlWemIyRWpTblpUYzBCbmUwTm1hVUYzYU5WM1pZQlZlV0ZqZFFCblZ5WmtkMVFFVnh3V1ZwQm5lUVoyYUJKMFpRbFVjcXgwTjM5bVpvdEdNMmgxVHp0U2FOTmxkenhrVjJGR01VZG5Zcm9XYWhObFVyRnpiMXdtV0lobE5zbDJjd1VtTkJkbmMyUTNiRkpuZXBsVmQzRTBid2RtWWtSMWM1Vm5NM1FXTjNSM2JJTm5Xc2hGYTBORk5SZG5WSFJuV3dJelFNbFdiSk5EVWgxV011ZFVhMkpuWVNsR2RHVlhlYVJIYjFoa2I1WWxUclYzTTB3VVVoQjNiRWREYnMxMmR5WVRNT1JGTnRselVpRmtkVjVXVUxwbVR3OTBaWVZIVDI4U1dvVmtNaWhuWVdKM2E0Rm5TNGhqZTJCRFJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", Colosal Music
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwdG1acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUYzRCbmUwVm1lMWttV3VkM01xUmpicEJYUVhOM2FxTmtNVkpEVTM5R2VsbEdjTVoxYUQxR1dUaGxNenAwUWpsSFV4aFdUTUpqUQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/5wMUvBv8S3l.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", Combat Go
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwcG1acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY3VCbmUwVjJOMW9IVlpsMk1uRlhiSkZETU1CbGV5OUNVNGhEVUcxR2RPWjFaS0ZYYjVsSGR0Um1Oc0p6WmlGWFk0RUhid3BIVm5GVGQ1cG5hdkEzVHpoR1ZObG1ZeUVuUTNjVFkzdEVldVpFT1hSblpyMUdhczVFV3ZnbVJrWm1TemtYY1VSSFJUUm5XdXBXTXgxbVRuMTJhNWswVGxkemJDaEdOTUZVUXNaMFV3bGpZR1puZFdoRlo1dFNjQ0pXUnROR1UzOVNjNGhGVGpCWGV1OVNZc3RtYnBKV091dGthNVIyVnljV2QzbzNiUzlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2427/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_557742001609413756.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", Comedy Central HD
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWm9aWFJscEZVb2gzYjVrR2RuaDBad2sxY2haamF0NUdNMzVVUU5OWE0zSm5SMkYxWlFkVGNyVUdVMDVVYWtablRPOTJVeWNHT1JaSGNsTjNhTmxXVXpsRldyVVRNWWRuU1FKRmVEUkViclJ6TDA1RWRwTmpNNXQyVHV0MlZTRlVaV05qY3hJV1Q0OFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Cumilla 24 TV
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWamUyRWpTblpUY3pCbmUwUm1RekFuWXJZa1lUSlVkeGdrUU5SMGR5TlViTUJGVHgwR1NQVjNMcDVFYVpOM1Y1YzFReDFrWlFGbVFSVm5adlZVVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/335/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_234052001514211142.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DBC News
http://?MmRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5eWJ6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaGtjd2sxY2haamEwNUdNMzVVUU5kR01pdDBReWNqZTRkMU1TVmxhdHhXYzROblVrUkhaMWdqYTNJemRMQkZONGhHWnRKelJzeEVXcDUyYTBNa2VqUjFiMlIwWW5kV2R4Rm1kSnBXU1JSWGN3SURSV0JqYVBWMloyTlhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DBC News
http://?M2wzVTFJRFRwaG5acmhGYXlWamUyRWpTblpUYzBCbmUwbFZkNEUzWWtWRGRMaEZjekVsY2hwbGUzUjNTRmRuVkRsV1dWWlZPU1JVZFFaRmQ1WTFaMHBXYXBGVVRSSm5UYVoxWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/dbcnews.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DBC-NEWS
http://?PVVYZVRWak1NbEdhbXRHV29KWE5xWlRNS2RtTnhKSGM2UlhWWmxXYnRsbE5GWkZOd0ZHVHFCMVUyYzNUNUkyTkhKRmRIbFVTSkZHUzZabld3OTJTa1YzYXFKR1ZRbGphU1YxTkNaa1dvRkVkc2xEZHZvV1dvRkhTaGQyWnlrWFRReG1NNGxFVlpsRGFyc1djMjEwS25GRmFpRjNMbHBIWjFsR2Q0OUVPeWgyWndnV1c0UVZjWmhEZEZKVWR3QmpNTWhtUTNvSGFzaERlS1YwYkJWMVRzaFdRNGxtU0lKV05HbFdVekVWUmlObmRJQm5XTUZIU3g1a2NOUnpaMFIzWmFKbFVUWjJhNkZtVHVsVWV6SmxaR3hrYjFJSGROTjNNdGRtZHk1a1FNWmtl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/370/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_525894001563630186.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", DD Bangla
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZcFhURlpWYmg5eWJ6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJscEZVbzUyYjVrR2RuaFVjd2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU5sbk12WkVPWlpXYXpvSE0wbFZVMjlrYm5CalI0dFdiakpYYUVwMWFFTmtWck4yUjJ0a04yZ0ZNb2QzYzVoelExbGtiRVJqYlY5MFYzbGtZTmRGUnpnSE5IRlZSWE5HZE1sell3TlhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.winudf.com/v2/image/Y29tLm9yYW5nZXNreWRpZ2l0YWxzdHVkaW8uYmlnZ2Jvc3NrYW5uYWRhcmV2aWV3X3NjcmVlbl8xXzE1MzA3NzgxMDVfMDEx/screen-1.jpg?fakeurl=1&type=.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", DD Bangla
http://?cVZIVG9Kak5qcFhlUzlpTTNsamQ0NVdSM0FUVHdsbmJtQnpWeEZITll0MGNDTkZlMFpsUjB3bWFxSldNeXBsYXVwbWMxbFZiVlZWYnFSRFR3dFdPMTVVUjRWR2JHVkhiczkwWTQwV2VoNVVjeEpGUnRwWFIwY2tNd2hYZTFFVVpEcDJjV1ptYkhWbld3bERPNU5XUmt4V1lPMTBMTUZIYUZOR001bG5XMmRWZERWSFNCbEdWMG8yYXFWbmVudDJWek1uUTVaMlM2WnpSc1pYUnlwa2V6dFVhcmdWZHZZR1ZwQlRhVEZ6Ynk0MlpUZFdaVDEwY1JKVk1FaDJRMWR6VVVSVGQxMG1UMklWWXpjRWJMUkdWT1pYTTJwRlNUNTBaWGxITXlRalJyUUdieVFsZUU5VWF1ZDNkdEpuVHg4R1Z5ZGpUR2RsZHNsbWRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcSgzI8WihswHdf8aLLNlAn4qF6HsDDlQDZmDA&usqp=CAU" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DD News
http://?NFZIVG9Kak5qWlhlUzlpTTNsemQ0NVdSM0FUVHdsbmJtQnpWeFpITll0MGNDTjFhMFpsUjB3bWFvSldNeXBsYXVobWMxbFZiVlZWY3FSRFR3dFdPMTVVUjRWR2JHbEhiczkwWTQwbWVoNVVjeEpGUnNwWFIwY2tNd2RXZTFFVVpEcDJkV3BWWjBjMVF5VmxWc1ZUYTZsbVdtVnpaVU5XYXpaSGFHTkhaM0ZVZHE5V09IQkhaNkpXUUd0bWJQbFVOQkYxTDN0U2NNeG1TbmQyWTJvWE00UldhQzFrUmhSRk5xaFVhc1pYTTJsblp4Qmpia1YxYzVORk9CVkRNdWwwTDM0bVJXZG5ZQ0psWjBoa2VObFVZek1UZXhKRFpvQlhjb3AzS0psRVQzZGxiVHBrYnpBWFkxcDJZNGRYWlNobk53MUdlMU5IZTRjMGNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/39/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_040588001485334247.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Desh TV
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5U2R6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJscEZVb2QzYjVrR2RuaEVhd2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU5kR00ydFVUVkpUZFlaa2FNSnpaMWxqUVlCaldTbFhkSnBsUkVabGRwSnpZTWxIUnBwR2I2QjNLb1ZYUjJKV1RqcGxhMFpIU0loWFR6bERVS1ZVTkdSSGRWcEZiTk5GZGFCVFpYOVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", DesheBideshe TV(CAN)
http://?eGwzVTFJRFRwZG1acmhGYXlWRGMyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwTkZjWWxXVjRZSE8wOUVldlFYZHlRV2VvZDJOdk1EYlhsWFV2b0haNngwYlRoRFJPVjFNd2hIZTFsMmFPVlhRUlZUZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/V6mD2QiByZs.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", DHOOM
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRwaG5acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwbDFRYTltU1VKemRhZG5lUzFXVDVJbGMzSmxTd2RYU2FCWFUwdEdhTWwzWkp0Q1dWOVNOMXhVUTQ1bU5LUlhhUnBsZHlnM2IyNDBkaU5FVDVGRGQ1Y0hjYVJYUkpOVVI0RTFkWUpWZFJkbmF2SlRid1lqYnQxbVZKbFZiM1VrYjZSMlpGRkdSMmwyTTJwR1RxMW1ZUzEyU1VoRWFORjFSQlpHVHhCVGF5VlRNeFVIZXJnRVVsWm5iaWRFTXhSR2R4VlRjQ1pUWW85R2NWWlhlT3hXYTBNRGFFMTBUNnAyTXhGRmRCaEhScWhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/V6mD2QiByZs.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", Dhoom
http://?cGwzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY3VCbmUwTm1Rd2czVVo1RWIySWplbWhYTjZaRVY2dFdXb2RGTXprbWNxdFVWNmRYYVhaalMxczJOb1pHWnlkR040cDJiT0ZtVlBkV2NGVjJacHBXU29KWFUyQW5Oa0IzTWhobWRZMTBkalpuUkRkR01zOVdPWk5GVldoWGFwWjBZa3AwYTJZbVFvSkZUeVoyTGg1MFR5cDNZeEFIT0xCemFOZEZVbkJWWnROMEtrSjFkSHhHYVZSWE5WRlVhUUZWYjVsRGVwSm1lTTVrVGtGbk41VVVjUFJrYlM1MlZLOVVldWxtTkhKV1RYVjNWTGhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/405/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_153227001563707398.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", Dhoom Music
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5eWR6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJscEZVb3AzYjVrR2RuaGthd2sxY2haamFxNUdNMzVVUU5Kbk0xWTNaMTgyY3laRVc1TWxZMFJITm14a1lCOUdXNVJEWnhBVGNyNUVic2h6YnZGWE54TWxaWmwyTTRVMExYcDJiNWREYXJzQ1o1eGtRaUprVnJaWGR0bGpRb1JIYzJoVE40Y1dQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/357/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_222873001584536407.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Discovery
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZZFhURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWnBaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaFVld2sxY2haamFwNUdNMzVVUU5Kbk15RVRVSmhqZXdFWFJsNTJhMVZIYjRsbmUzOEdkMjkwWTRORGU2ZGxVS2xsTTVaWE1peFdiSDFtV2x0bVl6aFdlT2QyUkJsRVIxTm1kM2RWY0k1V1pUOUVXMlJUZTJZMExtbFZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/611/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_396663001603016437.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Discovery Kids
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5eWF6MFdaSVJIWnBaWFJscEZVb2QyYjVrR2RuaFVkd2sxY2haamF0NUdNMzVVUU5Sbk15RVRVSmhqYndFWFJsNTJhMFZIYjRsbmUzNEdkMjkwWXhnVGJsMVdiT2xuWnJOM1FrVkRleXBHZFBWbGRYSjBaM0l6Tm54VVFyQlhkVUYyYk1KbmJZdFNWMjRtZXZ4RWN3UlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/378/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_538144001561973666.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Discovery Science
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZMVdURlpWYmg5aWN6MFdaSVJIWnVaWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaGtid2sxY2haamFwNUdNMzVVUU5sbU1FMUVkc0ZIZFR4bVpHUkdjblZVYUhwVU1PaG1ZNjEyS1d4MGE2bFhTRDUyTDBaVmIzZGxaVjVXVWFobWR2RjFaRVZqTk9SelpvZEhNVUYxTG5CSGFESldidHQwY3JNWFR0VlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/379/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_616779001554389159.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Discovery Turbo
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZcFhURlpWYmg5eWF6MFdaSVJIWjJaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaGtjd2sxY2haamFzNUdNMzVVUU5aSE1FQmpOTUZqYU1OMlNMOXlicnRtYVBaWGUzQkhNVHAzSzJoVGJ0WlVVdFptTTA1MlRIWkdTT3BYZU1SVFQwVW5jbHRFYklsVGV2RkRhMlVEVXdFSE5XTnpTNlpsYjVJbVM2dFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/st-ak/yupptv/og_image/Divya-TV.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Divya TV
http://?cVZIVG9Kak5qcFhlUzlpTTNsamQ0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeHRHTll0MGNDTjFaMFpsUjB3bWE0SldNeXBsYXV4bWMxbFZiVlZWZXFSRFR3dFdPMDVVUjRWR2JHaEhiczkwWTQwR2NoNVVjeEpGUm5wWFIwY2tNd0pYZTFFVVpEcEdhV05HZHpJVE41UldWeGcyTTJkM2JvTjNaWWRHYXBselZYbDJTNGxFY0VwV1dtZDJRcmdqVXhGbWVVOW1TMVEwS3hKbU55VjBTUjkyY0lOV2JJZDBhNUVsVzFCalo0SkRkclJWUzBkV2J3WVRPWmREYmxsbk1FTmtRbnhtVXNWbldQWm5aclYwVlZKMWRtOVdTemhHTjZSRlVIbGpOT1JIVFJaWE1QbG5jVGhEVHZjMWMzOW1WSlIySzFvWGExRmtWUGxFZDJvMVQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/363/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_490544001561970611.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DW
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZTlhURlpWYmg5eWJ6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb2gyYjVrR2RuaGtjd2sxY2haamF2NUdNMzVVUU5WWE13MDBVUnhVYTVFME1CRjJMNGwxVjFGWFczODJMdHQyVkJkSGM1aFhUVUJGYXdabVM2WkVaS3BXVlZwbWU0eDJjUE4wWk5GMWJxVmphakpXYVZkMlFHZGpaRjFFYVA5VVExbFZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/jq7qr2d6FF6.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DW
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRwdG1acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3JCbmUwTkZXNFkzTklSVmJFaEVhc2xqVFVobGMxZDNLTVZ6Y1lsSGIwSWtVYVIzYVhCMWRUZDBZdGxXYnFsMlN0dG1TNXBFYWhka2NIWnpVbk4xTHRCbGVyUjBRaHBIUzFZM0xKbDJjbWREZXpaRFYxVkVORFIwUjFsMktDRmxUUmgwWk1KbWF2TURaeHhrYUdSa1F4eFdOVVpGYW9ka2FOcEdaelVHUnU1a1VJRnpablZYUW9SMlJSTm5hMkVYVHJSa2V6bG5RTmR6WXlrR1JSZHpUS056Y1JGWFFWSm5jNkpGYmtobVc1RUhTMmNXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/jq7qr2d6FF6.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DW
http://?PT1nYzVOVk55d1VhbloyYVlobWMxd21OeG8wWjJFbmV3cEhkbUpUWXF0Mll6Y2xRRHhHVDNVM1ZONUVlT05XVTBjM2R3WjBjek1YV0JsWGJrcDBLeXRFY3gxRWJ3SlVOdlZqUmk1MlZYWkhkd04zTnpobGFDRkZVdmtIY3VwVmJSMTJibGRuVkQ5RWFNUjJhamxHZFpsbWU1bEhSWVZsZXpwWGJvaG1RSmxGZHpwV1JJZDFOMk5XUzFwbmJXVm5ScUZUY3Q1R2NYUlhTVjFFWnFobWRDOWlVRWxXTU1CMVoxUldjMWRXYmtKMmR3MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DW News
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwRlZTeGwzUXNabWN4a1RhR1ZVWjA1bU02SkROcllGVXI5R2I1aFdNTmh6WkdkWFV1OXlUMzEyUnZNemRTTlhjeDRHVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/385/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_174491001563772860.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", E24
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZbFhURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJscEZVb1YzYjVrR2RuaEVid2sxY2haamF1NUdNMzVVUU5WSE1yVlRRMUZWYnIxRVprUkhNM1oxUXg5bVdMaDNjMlJETlRoRmV1QkhhSVZXVnF0Mkx4UTFMNDhHWnFaWE00UWpjRXBYTjNNMloxdGtNRmxEV1ZobWFUVmxOeUpYZVRWWFV3TldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/b12C5CpfsdY.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Eeuro news.
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbG1hbXRHV29KWE5uWlRNS2RtTngxR2M2UkhaNHhtY3gwMEwxa25RMFJHZDJSVWVCMVdhMmNWYnFobGRoZFhhQk5VV3VoVVZ3Z0ZaWmgzVTBZMk5taHpjNGdITVU1a1d1bDBLdmxXVzZsMlp6WUVUMlJuYUo5Q09pbDBNdmRGT3M1a2U1eDJaMlFIU1FWR2V4Y1ZaR2QyY3FoRGJDVkZNWngyYml0V2NFMUdkdmMyWk5WMmIzZGxXU056U3BOWFphRmxTSk5tYVNkVlFzRkRPbkZVVG90MFphcDNOVTlXVlhkbGE1WkZObkJuY3JWa1pYbEhjdEZYTVJGVWQwSm5hb3hrV2hKVGQwUlROelUzVjRJWGJvNTJTSTkyYlh4RWNhcFVa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/53/logo/115x115/channel_logo_902825001481299896.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ekattor TV
http://?cGRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJscEZVbzkyYjVrR2RuaEVid2sxY2haamFvNUdNMzVVUU5sV012SXpVSlJEZEhCM05oRm1aM3hFUnZkV1o0aG1OWmRXVU5kM2RyVjNidjFXVzRwM2NKVmxidlozWWlSekxzbFhiMmdYTldoSFMyOVVjTWhYYldoV01LVjBjb2xFY0ZsRE93TVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/1Y2Slm56uJ8.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ekattor TV
http://?PTBXZVRWak1NbEdlbXRHV29KWE5wWlRNS2RtTnhSSGM2UkhaNHhHZXgwMEwxa25RMFJHZDJSVWVCaFhhMmNWYnFoMWNhQkRUSDFrTW9obVc2bGtkbkpuVDVJVFRrQnpaM2hHYnU5MFU1Sm1Nd1ZsTmsxV1Q2SkdNdWRsY0lOa2RaUkdUckpHYzZwMk14WTNTRlJuTXpremFtWmxib0ZUTzFGMmNtUjFaUU5YUXpwSE56eFdiNDhHYklWalJ2dEVPU0ozVnJvWFZIMTJSeHBIZUNKbE5hdG1jMkZEZDNWRVdyWkhjVXAyU3BaRWVLZERSeGhuUXJCbE1YMTBWNmRuUnNkRmRUeFdjWTFVWlRkM05zQjFLNlJFUjBBM1UyY1dPQnR5Y0t0MmJ5ZGxa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/ekattor.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", EKATTUR-TV
http://?PWdXZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE52WlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2Um5WQnAzYTBjRVRTcFVPNDFHTzNBelV5OUdVeloxTDFsVGVCbDJUTXAwZDY1VU53RlhTd1FuYjQ0RVRrVkdjalpIVnlOa1l1SkRSU0oyY0RWSGVMTnpNTWhYY3ZBM1I2ZFdRdlZYZXhZRVVaVm5jUU5GYXFWbGIxVkRhcU5WZHFkR015a1dUNTVHYnNsVFVRdENiclFGTnl4Mk4xcEZjSGRYWU5wR1J6TVhONnBWY0tGMkt2RUVXNmxGZVk5VVFzSkhPM2hHU0lwVmR5eDJiM2tqY3l4R1d6RTJZdU5YTTBSRlR2QmpkM0kxZHhjVWF6ZGxkemRWWTFrM1pPVjJkMGtUY3VaM2JvbGxj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AGF-l7-4bzlSDaGznqKGZr8FQX1PTaa5Q59jRkYwYg=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Epic TV
http://?clZIVG9Kak5qaFdlUzlpTTNsRGU0NVdSM0FUVHVsbmJtQnpWeFpITll0MGNDTkZiMFpsUjB3bWFySldNeXBsYXU1bWMxbFZiVlZWYXFSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHRkhiczkwWTQwV2NoNVVjeEpGUm5wWFIwY2tNd2hYZTFFVVpEcEdhV05XTXJ0V1Y2MTJWdFJ6YXFOM053NFdNR0ZIYjY5RWNKWm1WNGxHWm1sek54aFdlc2xrZDFzU2FNbHpMT0Z6UTJWVlN2RkVaSnBtU09aM0x2VVRkV3AwVXhaRFN3QlhjMGtsYXhjbVNtRldjNDhpZUlCWGFOTlhaeUJqU285bWQ0VVhTR2xEU3haVmJ2WUZPbmR6VjVsSFZvRkRTaE5uU3ZnMmRpbG5ibkJqVDZwSFRwdDJNc0ZsUzB3R2EyVUhTeE5tYnRaWGEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/mKr06GiMQZ4.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Esport 24
http://?cGwzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwVm1NTEJuVTQ5a1lsTkhjeVVXZHFSMlR5dGlNMlluTnpwbmJ3QnpVUkZFZDJZMFNzbEZWc1ZHZDZ4a05CbEhkNlIzVmtoVGM2Tkdkem8zWnhsM1VoUlZkUWhXWms1VU9XSm1jTGhWU1FaMVN5cGxZQ2hqZG9wWFl6Sm1VTmRVZTFobE5qUkhlM1ZuVHdGV2JoMTJTUVoxVW5aRmJWVlZVaWx6TTVGR2UxQURic3BHVEhaRk5JUkRieWwxSzRwWFV6aG5SelpsYlRKblZMNVdXVGhHZEtwWFNSTmthMlpUUXo1MlJJZFhWWmRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/655/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_722473001571745473.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Euro News
http://?NWRrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5aWF6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJscEZVb04zYjVrR2RuaDBkd2sxY2haamFxNUdNMzVVUU5kV01oSlZiSGwyY1lSRFVXcDJLelptWVVObWVyUTNMNFVVTVVkVGRqVmtXdllqVm50U1JxdEVPRHgyYTVGamR1SjJjbXBsUjBkbVVxbHpVeElEYnRoM0xZbDFMT1pYZG5sM0x1UlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", France24
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwZG5acmhGYXlWemMyRWpTblpUY3FCbmUwZGxSdm8yWVpoVloyUUVhVlpGV25kRFUwRkVheFFEU3FKSGJVWkdNMjlpZE1CWGVSQmphczFtY3g4RWV2QW5kWGwyUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/6XYOOrRXTHd.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Front Row
http://?emwzVTFJRFRwWm5acmhGYXlWamIyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwSmxaVk4zUTZkbGNzTlRlMWxqV3Zka053eDBWbGxVZXQ1MllIVlRReVFHY1lwVldHNW1ib0pFU3h0RWJ3QjNZd0ZYV1NWamVuaFVST0Z6VnVkemIxOVVWb3BtYXRObGFtdGtlTWhGYXFSalZuSjFTNTFtZUZCM1Z0bFhlWTFrYXRsblVUaHpZelJUWjNVRmExbDNVeGNFYW01MFpGVkVlellrUXdSMUwyTW5hd0VIZHJkamRqVkVjTlZIYTVsVmRuTmxhTWwwY0ZsV1JHVkhTWk5YYTJaWFM1UW5VNmxGVDRCelpsZEhSVVZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/um9o21i3T1E.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", Gaan Bangla
http://?PVlYZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE42WlRNS2RtTnhOSGM2UkhWU1JuZGlaRFZaRjJWM2hXU3ZaWFZ6Um5WSHBsTlp0bWR2UmxkSWQxU25WelNGdEVaMGNHZHpKVVFYeG1jdkkwYWhkSFZwVnpSR04wTHROSFV5aHpaWUpWYXFkR2FwRm5kdDFtVzF3RVp2QkhNM0UzUUdsbmR6UnpWVHgyU3dkMWFCbEhNbXQyTExselJaaG5hRUpsYU9GVWJxZFRPdUZYVVhobmFXTkRUdFYyZHdWVVNhZDNZdXBVU0xKMGFGeFdjbVJGV3BORGJ3TlRlRU5GTXdka2VaOVVPa3BtVTVkRlNZaEZkSEZuTnhZM1pwNVdhM0ZqWWhCSE9XOVVNU3BuZWtkWGU0UVZa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/gaanbangla.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", GAAN-BANGLA
http://?PXdXZVRWak1NbEdjbXRHV29KWE55WlRNS2RtTnh4R2M2Um5Zb0YwWlhaalJ5SUhXd2xrZDBJVWNOQlhZeWRETjI1R2FKRjBZMVJWVXI5MlZaMUdkMHhtVnNKVWJCOXlhMk1EY1psa2QyWnpib3RHVXZaSGRpOW1ib1ZtYjNrMVo1MDJZeEZuTldsVVJ6Qm5TUE56TFpGRmUzQjNUMDlXVjNsSFV5VUdldkYzVTBFM2FhTlZiUU5HYTNSMVU2aG5leU1sWnF4bVN5UVRWWFZtZHV0eVV2MTBSeTUyY09kRlZ5cFhjS2hYTnF0aWVyZEhVUE5uVDZsV1RUeFVjWFpIV2l4R1M0OFNiQ0pUT0lsRGJvMVdWbXhFVFFSM1I1aFVhd1lYYUpOVFJ5ZGxN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", GaanBangla TV
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUY3NCbmUwbFZSdEpITlN0a2J2TVRjcndFYTRVelU1SmtTMzBrY3JjWFZ3SlVlbmhYZFVKMlEyWkZTdUZuY2h4R1Z4TW5kWjkwSw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/672/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_366665001572086539.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", GEO News
http://?emRrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5U2J6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJscEZVb2QyYjVrR2RuaDBhd2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU45R01EcG1VNXAxY3BkWFFKaDJhMlZGYzNRVFJYRjNVNk5tVFpWelpKOUNaWFJrWnlkRk4yWlVUNHdXYkZGRWN2b1VkdmRHT0VSVmR0RkdjaGhWTXp4R2I1cFZadXBuZDRWMFQxOFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/349/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_135661001584537257.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", Hum Masala
http://?M2RrV3lFVU5ZaFhURlpWYmg5aWV6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb1ozYjVrR2RuaDBad2sxY2haamFuNUdNMzVVUU5kbk0yZ0RNNUYxYnBabFloSkRSNGhuYXRSMFU0WjNUYVpHU2kxVWRSUjFMa0oyYXgxMmI0bzJVMWdXVUNSRVZEVkVjNFptU0dwVVR1VlhZRE5sYkNOWE12UkRNMU4wY3dSelpqOVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", i ON TV UK
http://?M2wzVTFJRFRwZG1acmhGYXlWVGQyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwWmxSMGxIV09obVJycDJhNkZuYjNoRFIxSmtjNU5UU0hwM2NGUlhWcjlFZTRkbVNsSmplMkZsV3JSamV4c1dZVU5VTw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/40/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_843792001561970789.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Independent TV
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZaFhURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWndaWFJscEZVb3AyYjVrR2RuaGtid2sxY2haamFzNUdNMzVVUU54bU0xSlZPMHNVYkR0MmJvcFhWeGRGT3dvWGF6c1dSeDEyS3JVRGF3a1RZdHAzTDNaV1pSbG1hd2xXTzJGVVJNaEZicmdFZVpOWFIyUnpaRUJuTXhkbWEzbFdRMmNIYTBrVGRzVlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Independent TV
http://?PVFYZVRWak1NbEdibXRHV29KWE5uWlRNS2RtTngxR2M2UjNWVU4xYmw5bVRMRlZZdFYzZDJJWGJhNVdlM1ZEV0RKa2RyZ2tWUHhHUnhORE9rVmpaV2wyU1JsMFFCZERjTDFXVXNCRmN1bEdjRVJsZXIxR1dONVdkc1JFY3ZGall5UVVjeDVrVXRsSFNMZEhTU2xHYTZKRmRSaEZiWFJ6WTY5U1Q0VnpkU3QyS1E5MFVTOTJiMXRXVHpkbVd6bG1XdEpXWmtobmMzUnpWdnMwYkNGblF6RlZkb0ZXUnZjbVRwcFdOdmNYZEw1MmNHRlRNSFZqYnNSbmNXOW1WRmxtYXhKbld1bGpiTlZET01oMVZvbFRXbFZUT0xoM1NKcG1iVFpGYnVSMVlxaGxa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Independent TV
http://?cmwzVTFJRFRwdG1acmhGYXlWamQyRWpTblpUY3NCbmUwWjJOMTBXYUpGektQWjNiM1VEWnZkRWFvSmtka1owTDBNWE40OFdPQngyYzZGRlNaTkdPcTlTWVJwVlEyZEhSNjlFTw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/independent.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", INDEPENDENT-TV
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWamUyRWpTblpUYzBCbmUwSldiTHgyVHVwRlN2dEdiTmhIVzRWM1Q0SlRhWkowWkROM0tQZDFOaUIzYnlvRk1ZaFRRNUJ6YXZkbVowbFhRSkpsY241R2VyczBZMWxYTjRWemRMTjNUNXNHY3pjalpSdG1hMzhrUURKblR3WnpTMVZtTUlGWFRKTmxkTWREYzNNVWRGbGxjdU5HVDNWWFpNcDJVMlVWU0NObmVwaG5XbHhXTnRaRU9RSkZTVDVXZDVNV2VGWkdlNU1FWlZkRU12VlhNeDhXTmtWWFIzOVNPM1J6WndWMVozbEhicXBuUnZVR2FseG1WWXBsYXdVMGMxNFVkS0p6UXU1MEs2RkRNUGhIZG50V2JhQlhlemwyVmtoRWR0bDBReUJuZEhGWFY0RTBjTFowYVZGalJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2428/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_637416001609414006.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Infinity HD
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZNVdURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJscEZVb2gzYjVrR2RuaEVkd2sxY2haamE1NUdNMzVVUU5wR013WVZWblpEYWg1RVpMbDJZNHBuU01oWFdKTkhVemsxS0NoMWNySldRdFZFY3ZGM2FGSlRaMFVIZENWbWJLSjFaVVpqZURaV2RzZFRPNE1EZEZSblM1SURjWmxrZU9wbFlFdFVZMEoxTXZja2FobDNMUEZsYlpkMmNtZEZiWVpFZTJoR1Y=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Iqra BanglaTV
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwaG1acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUY3JCbmUwVkdWckUzYlVOME1CUlRiMkJYTXFsVVIxNUdUMnMwTDVNblJXUkZkMmdHZDZCRGFGaG1icFJXUk5sME1tTlhOdm9sVA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Jagoroni TV
http://?emwzVTFJRFRwbG1acmhGYXlWamUyRWpTblpUY3RCbmUwbDFOMGszVG45Q2RMaFhjUEpuWTROVVoyNTJVNjVtVHl0Mk1hbG1iQnAzYlZSWGIxc1VTb1Z6VXlSMWR6cFdjQ2x6Vg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Jamuna TV
http://?MGwzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWRGEyRWpTblpUY3JCbmUwSkZXRTlXZHI4V094TlhkeG9YZVZwVk5xVlRWNXBFY2hOWFNrQjFSTEJUYUxORFZ5Tm1OemRuUWhOMWR4SVhUNlJuVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Jonmobhumi TV
http://?NWwzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwcDFLeUkzYnpvWGFFOVNhVmxGZHNGemJ2dFdjUnBtUTFkbmVxVkdhbWRtYWhSMmNpOUNOMVozWTVRR2R6ZEhSbnBIVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", JoyJatra TV
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwcG5acmhGYXlWemEyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwWmxUUUJuUlRGak1TeEVkNEFYU0xKMmJ6UldaVHhVVXhvSFZ3QnpTNElFYUpaRU4wQVhSekpUWTRZVWRhZG5NNEpEUw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/o03PfCn08PS.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Kick Flix
http://?b2wzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWamEyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwaDFWTXhHT1N4MGNQRmxjcGRqUzBZVU11RjNhWXhtTjN0R2M1ODJiMFZFZW5KMVVYRjJTekJWTkZsRmJ4bG5SNVIxYk1sSGI0ZGpaM2tWUnk5a052aFVkMGtXTTA0a05SRjJjMmtET3ZSVFd0WlhlenMwVjUxbWNESlRUaWQzZG5sMWR2YzNTb1ZWUU1KV01UcFhlWVJGYXU1VWNQRmxkSE5XUnI1a2M2ZDFabUYzUzE1V2NHaEdlaXgyUmpOak0zSkRXaHhVVDVwbVJabFhVMlFFYkxwR2VuWm5idVIzUTZSME5OVjNZNFZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d3jnkp3lrs2hd5.cloudfront.net/images/320x180/f169715f-f7be-4216-93b1-a75d3cebb821.jpg" group-title="HINDU [BDIX]", Krishna Vani
http://?MFZIVG9Kak5qbFdlUzlpTTNsVGI0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeFZITll0MGNDTmxhMFpsUjB3bWFzSldNeXBsYXVwbmMxbFZiVlZWY3FSRFR3dFdPeDVVUjRWR2JHcEdiczkwWTQwR2NoNVVjeEpGUjFwWFIwY2tNd2xXZTFFVVpEcG1lV1oyS3N4a1duTkRjSHQyU0dwV1ZCbFZVdEIxZFhoM2R2TXpjNlJYTldGalM1NDJRM0FqY3hoM2QwZ2xSS2xrZTAxMGNxcG5lb2htUTRkRFVvUmthblpHYXZwWFR1bERlcGRqWXFkWE9hbHpaVEZ6WnJKVWJwUmpRMWRITzVOR1RRQlhhVkJUZEVCRGEyWW1VWWxqUnFsMGNPcEhPM0lYTU9ObldUaEVka2xVZHhoVk0xRmpRM28wWTZwWE40SVhaUkZGYlRSa2NuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/R0Q9g76k87Z.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Lotus Macau
http://?PTRXZVRWak1NbG1jbXRHV29KWE5zWlRNS2RtTnhWSGM2UlhabWQxY3ZVME1HZDBUMU5EVUlSVFRWUlhNVGhqYnpaV2VQUkZVNFVIYm9CVFp1aGtaeHgyU2xKbFJOVkVhUmgyWVRCWFp3cG5NUnQwVDE1R1M2WmpOWHBrY3ZzMGFQbGtUb1JFYXNWVFpXZEhhVGRFY3NGVmQweGtTM1pHYjFKMlFPOWlhNU5YT2haWFU0OUViV0ZrVTFGa2U2ZG1RSjEyU081bWR4VW1aeXRtZXlRVlpXNUVkcEJUZDRjblFwaFdRbWhGZUkxa2N2WWtSNUJsZW9WV1RJZFVUQ2wzS3dkM1FHZEZkeGdEVURORU5xZGtjUUZVZFhGWFp6aFRkMGdsY09kbFR5UVVX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/389/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_047719001554391607.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Lotus TV Macau
http://?eWRrV3lFVU5ZSlhURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWndaWFJscEZVb2gzYjVrR2RuaFVjd2sxY2haamEyNUdNMzVVUU5Gbk12ZDNNd3NHZXJNRmR0VlhTNEZEV3ZJbWNGVlhOemNUVnJvRWV6a0ZOdVpWWXNOMlJrTlhkSTUyTlN0R2JLcEZkMHBYZFZsMWF3RnpNV2wwYnZwSE5ZeFVSRU5qYjNOVU9hZFhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Madani Channel Bangla |  Jagobd.com
http://?b2wzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWamMyRWpTblpUY3VCbmUwSmxXM2ttTXZGVVMzVTJkSzVXZEoxMEx6eFdWMWdHVUcxV2ROZFhWWEJqYUJ4a2QwdGtaMUpWYjY5MmRZOUdiUkprVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Madinah Live
http://?M2wzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWamMyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwaGxXcEZuWXZsRk92eDBkc1JYY2hKV09ucG5hSFJYY3hVWFRaZDFNWUJsZDBzV1Z2b1haNkpEUnFwbVV2Sm5hT1ZsZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Makkah Live
http://?NGwzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY3NCbmUwRmxlT3QyWVdSbk14SUVjMVIzZHFOblpzTmtNdlkwY2lwM2J5MFViMWREYXNORE9qaFhheFIwYzRnWGJoUlhPemNHTw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Millennium TV
http://?eGwzVTFJRFRwaG5acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwVjFTTlIzVHZWVGU1MG1keE4wTkcxMmNuUnpSNFZIVW94R2VRZGxjc0YwWm9kRWJPZGpXdmxHVE1WVE16dzJWV1pXUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Millennium24
http://?dGwzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUYzRCbmUwWldOekZYWk9aR1ROVnphd1kwY0hSR05xUkRiNW9rVFAxV1c1NG1aemtrZGFSa1pyOVdid1JtVU1kV2NtQlhhSlpVTQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Mohona TV
http://?dGwzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwRm1NWWRXZDBNMVF6a1ZhMHgwZFJOM1FuVlZjYVYyYVRWSFY0VURheFUyWlNsSE80WWtVNUoyYVBwVmFUNUdUT0prUQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/mohonatv.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", MOHONA-TV
http://?M2wzVTFJRFRwcG1acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwZFZhelUzVDE1a1Z4VjJjQ1owVHVkelk2NTJOeVlUWTFVM1lLdEVVcXRFY0NkamMwazBRdmRUTm41VWV0bFhXUUJYVVl0U2FpSkZTc3BWY3JSa2F3QmpNMTBXUUpoa2FrWjFkRzVrU0VKbWJ1Rkhka2gwVVNwWE8zRjNNaVJUY0k5a2I0c1NheDkyUnZOR2JuNVdOSFpqZUhCRGJpSmpla1JYVHQxV1pZOWlNeG9uZFBGR2I0RkVlRVoyY3JnVGVzUlRRdTVXWmpGbmUxSTBjUmgzYTFrM1MxaDBSdEZEY3dSbmNxRm5leUJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Movie BanglaTV
http://?MWwzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWamQyRWpTblpUYzVCbmUwcDFkWDVtVkZWSFV5ZG1ja2hrYzJsVlF2WkRSWEYzUjFRSFRLRjBNSUpuZHhWRldOUkRNbk56TDFWRVIwWjNSWVJWUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/an3L3hgUS82.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", MTV
http://?b2wzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWemMyRWpTblpUYzBCbmUwTlZaUWRYZExsMlNLTjJhaGwwTkxKbFZyNW1XRkpXV0p4R2FxSlVNSkZ6ZEZSa2F4bGtac0IzWXdaRk5LOVdjdE5tZEhaVGFCOVdXU1JsZXJselJPRldWM0FuWTE4R2VLcG5jUGRrY0ZKVWN3aEdhMlVtZUdKM1pUMW1ZQkprY2hoak5wcDJhdFJ6TEdGbGE1SUhSdnRXTklwbWF3b0hSU2RIU3NSWFc1OWlWQ0pIYk4xRWVEWkdldkZYVHlSMlE0aEVWd3NTWUhsM1IzVTJZcGhFZXFoelFHMVdUdWxYWXFOMFIzOUdWaWxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2432/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_191682001609414705.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", MTV Beats HD
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZeFdURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWnRaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaGtld2sxY2haamFwNUdNMzVVUU4xbU0yZFdXbzEyWnhSV1l2ZFZSMkptZHkwbVYyOEdUMUJ6S0VSVGNVTkdiQ2hVTXlGalRWdENWM2RIVTBFbFlVUjFjUmR6WVVaSGNxVjFSWXRXTndjSGN2eFdUeXBIZFZ4R2RFUlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2431/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_258033001610630514.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", MTV India
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWnVaWFJscEZVb2wyYjVrR2RuaDBkd2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU41Mk1LTmtSd0ZFYkZWR2V6OGlNMDkyY2hGRU1ybG1iSWRqZUo1VWF3SVZhNlZEYjN0RVd0bGpRQmhIWm9wbGN2cGthMUFuZVNGR1c2UjJiRkZHZENGblI0dGlUdllrZVBabGN5ZFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Mukti TV
http://?NWwzVTFJRFRwbG5acmhGYXlWemMyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwTlZhQk4zVnNwVVoyZGpjRnR5WnY5a1kwSjFMcFpsVlVsbldXbEhUNUVWYTU5Q2RsTldRb05uUzVJbWJMSm5hbnRtYw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/1HdlD6Nlx39.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", Music India
http://?PXdXZVRWak1NbFdhbXRHV29KWE40WlRNS2RtTnhSSGM2UlhXNUVFZHhGMFVOQlZlNXRVTzFjM2N5SUhld2REVmFKVmU1Y0RXMGttTnhwV1NIUmpVSlYzUTFabFNSWmtkNGwwVDVzR2M0TkVjTkpXWWtobVRvOUNWSXQyWk9ObmRyMUVPcEJsWnN4RWJEbG5UMDhtY2FKV2VvbERVTmhuVTR4VWJJZERSWXBuUTFWWE9rSmxkd3AwUVpGamVvNWtkUTlTTVVsWFpUSjNTeTFrYmlka1FrdFNkck5IV0I1MmR3TVhPVUZYV2pwV2E1VVVOa0JIYjRWVlF4SVRhWGxHVlFkRk5RWkhjbGRHYTVJblV4SldUd2xFUjRvbmV4NG1kM2RsY1Y1R2VHaFdT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", My Cinema
http://?MGwzVTFJRFRwZG5acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwWkdUa2xXYk1kWFlQaFhkUk4zU3dzR1VuVmxkNU0zYzA5V1ZGRlZkcmgxZFNkMEt2UTBheHhFVnFobVp6NDJNcWQyWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/339/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_573846001563607560.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", MY TV
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZdFdURlpWYmg5U2R6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaEVkd2sxY2haamFvNUdNMzVVUU5Obk12UkRiTk5uY3g5aVJCMW1NdngwUjE1a00yaG1kd2MwTXpNVGJrQlZaUHgyWXpoMGNWdDJMeGcyUndabE5yZERjbWRrYTFFa2R4UnpOWlYyY3haM0wwY3pjcWREZHRGbmNqMVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/vDXLuLBXf6J.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", My TV
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwZG1acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUYzRCbmUwbFZPQlpYY0JOVlRRbEhhTGxUTjNObk13aEhjM1FsV1NkSE9QQjNjWkpVZDJaRmFMaFVPMjVtTlI5V1NZVkhlR1JEV0RsbGNVRmtXR2gyUnV0R2FTaEdOb3BtWm90a1VpOVdiTUJGTUtsVU0zWkdjVmhUVjRrR2N4OGtiMWtUZTVvVlRVZFZhcjUwU2t0Q1pLWlhieDgyS29semIxMTBhV1ZVTXRCVFpHeGtTSEZYV1A5a1JyY2xiTmgzUzA5Mk0yTjFNdjRHTXE1MmJrTlRUSGgxYTFnRFd3MTJUNWxVWW45VWR1MUdVTlZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/mytv.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", MY-TV
http://?cmwzVTFJRFRwcG5acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwRkdSQmxtTnJKblFsQjFjeHNrYkhwbWV3UldUT3AwVkhWbk4zSUdhdmhIYUNSMWE2VlRjc1ZEVUJWMWEweFdaUGxsYVJWemJ4VURieGNtVHpWR08zVWphdGRIUlE5a2NrWkhkNlpqUXdkV2N0OVdkUlpEVnRwR2QySVRRRkpWZDNNVFUzOGlRcHAyUkhCRlQ1b0hXamRrVkVGSGIyOVNjdlIwUjBsV1RoOVVReDRXWkZWbVQyOHladmNsYmh0aVlzcEZVTkJEVnExMk5wOUdSbjUyYkZsRGVCRm1aNGgwUW9WRWR6eFdUVUZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", MYTV
http://?eWwzVTFJRFRwaG1acmhGYXlWRGMyRWpTblpUY3ZCbmUwSkdPV1JYVk9kWGUyWWxlS2hYUVVSbGJzbGxjSEZGYlZWM2RXdHlLc1pGZGpKV2NpQlRXc3AyZFJSRlVyOUdTVmhtVw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Nakshi TV
http://?MGwzVTFJRFRwaG5acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwaFZNV2gzVXp4R2V2QlhhM3cwUmFGemR4RmtVeElHV3h4MmQzUVdkclEyYm5sbVFESjNhdHBWVFN0aWU1MDJUSzVVTw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Nan TV
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwRjJiVWRXUjRKRVZtWkZkeVJVUU9Wbk0xOUdkcDUwTFpaM1VpTmpabUZuYjVRRldRZG5adEpYV0hoMFk1Z1dVblJHVw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Z644RVrdngp.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", News 24 HD
http://?PUVYZVRWak1NbEdibXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTng1R2M2UjNVT1ZqY1VwR1JyUjBUc2QzTlloM1pvbEdlbVZUWUlabGVYQm5ZNXBHVDE5eVU1UW1NblozUXhaVlJXNUdla1JYWkxoV01vSlZjcDlTUWlkM1Z0VmpUcFJWZFZkWE9xTldOdkpFV1ZSRFZYNVdWQ3QwU3hSMGR3bEVTWFpuY3JGalYwWnpObzltYXFOMFRNUjBiV05YYTJ4bVlzcDBSNmh6WlZCbmIwSW5icFpuYXlVWFFMbHpWeGhVVHNCSE9UcDJWaFpYWVZaM1pJRkhSeWgwYm94VVMzSVVkeEJuYjRkVk12RjNhSFZrV3g0a1FzRm5SUjltUVZsbWJYQkhNUUpUYnBsVE5NaDBS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/652/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_005006001571736102.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", NEWS 24 India
http://?b2RrV3lFVU5ZZFhURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJscEZVb1YzYjVrR2RuaEVld2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU4xMk1qaDNiRmQyY05ObVJMVmtTdFZWZUNSektqUm5UMGRrVGpwWGU1VUZlcndXUnhwWFZrVlRZaWRXYzRORVd6ZGphMnNXZG10R1I1WkdWbDlpVTFoSFVxaG1WS2xWYnFaWFF4Y1dQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/news24.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", NEWS-24-HD
http://?PXdXZVRWak1NbFdlbXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTnhKSGM2UjNVcEpVZTZwbU16NFViMTkwTFNwWFkybEhNS3htY1JSVWQ1cG1VemtVWnpkR091WjJhWTltVzBwbFI1dDBheHNrZXZsbFU0Vm5ZNWNqYzI4bVpQeDJMUU5tYXhNVVk2bDJRblYxVHVWbVZKbFdlT1YwVVBCMWROOVNZSGxUU3NwbFozOWlVRUJYWmh4R1doOXlhUlYyYVpwVk8wOVdZd2QyTXJZSE9WZDBTcGxFYzBVemNHRjNTMGgzTE9kWFVsZG5RUEJuYUxabGRsSkVOQnBFV3VOV1JzOVdPMUVYVnF4MFF0QkZlS2RYVkNwV1N3Vkdhd05GTnAxR1pxTlhRMkprY01kbGFxaGta
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/233/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_118933001493115916.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", NEWS24
http://?dWRrV3lFVU5ZbFhURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWnFaWFJscEZVb2gzYjVrR2RuaDBjd2sxY2haamEzNUdNMzVVUU5aM015UjJOdUYwYTJaRmFNRkVhek5WTlNOblFHTm5VTEJIVUNKV2NtMUdPcloyY3hKbVZUZDBLVVpYVXVKek1TMTJaMzlpYjNNa1dvbGpjNGhUU250V1pDVjNZMmNGYUo1V1N5RlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/news24.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", News24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", News24
http://?NmwzVTFJRFRwMW1acmhGYXlWRGIyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwRjJiVVIzTE9KMmJTMTJadHRDY0Q1VVp5UjFSMkZUUm5SM2J5cFZlMzAwY2hCbFpLTkhXc2xEVW5KMU1ENVdTeDlFYg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8U14b8HzJeF.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", NHK World
http://?b2wzVTFJRFRwTm5acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3VCbmUwTjJOeUZuYXZGM1pNWldlNDVrVXZKektvdENTYU5IYzF4V1ltZEhNMFZWYVBSVmE1Qm5Nc2QySzRFamNTbDJZdWwwYXpGa2JoNUVNQ2xrUm5GV016RTFibEZYY01kRGJTeG1icmQxYjJRelNzcGtONk56ZDNoM1ZEWlRaTWhGZXJKelkxbzJhNWxYV3ZVMlYwNEdaUDVXVTZWRWJGWjFaeDhHYXpsa05zeDBhWEZuY2tSWFJQUkViRDUwWlhGWFIwTmxWWGxFVVo1bWJ5bG1NRlZWZTEwV1dPWlhNeUJqUkxWMlNMMUdNdlZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/384/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_558340001563629477.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", NHK World-Japan
http://?c2RrV3lFVU5ZMVdURlpWYmg5aWN6MFdaSVJIWnNaWFJscEZVb2QzYjVrR2RuaGtkd2sxY2haamF1NUdNMzVVUU5Cbk1RcEVTWUozYzVGVFU0eEdTeVpuZWpSSGJ3aDJUUWRXVVRKSGNrVkdjYWhXVW5kR1NRQkRPeG9HV0dGbmRIRldkekVHTndZbFZ1OXlMRWRVTnlsWFYxcEdiMlFqYXpkMFVWaFRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2430/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_487708001609588822.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Nick
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5aWN6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJscEZVb0IzYjVrR2RuaGtjd2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU50Mk1GTlZkblJWY09kMllVcEdNbk4xUnd0V1JQaG1jMGczUkY1R2VVRjJMWkpVUzNWMktJZEdiaEpuVHJRME5CaFRiS3hXTWhWMFp3bG5ZekYxUXpobVZDeG1lNUZqY0lWMFFtRlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2490/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_380683001610126964.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Nick HD
http://?eWRrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5eWR6MFdaSVJIWnRaWFJscEZVb3AzYjVrR2RuaEVld2sxY2haamEwNUdNMzVVUU45R013OVNPUkZGZEZWVlV3OTJicjlHYmxSVVYxYzNNd0UwTTJVRmRCbDNaTmhqWjRaVFNxcFVNbWhXZEdkVVJFUkRleGgyYURGRFQwdENaQk5uUzE0V1VKUjFaVXQyYXAxMlQyRVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2435/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_705850001609415605.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Nick Jr
http://?MmRrV3lFVU5ZeFdURlpWYmg5Q2R6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJscEZVbzUyYjVrR2RuaEVjd2sxY2haamF0NUdNMzVVUU5Obk1IWkhTNkYyWng0V1FvOTBMc2QzWlFGa2J3QkhTM28wWTJsRWVwaDNSdkpIZTRoM1R1TmxiMTFXUXdwMWJPUkRhNEVsUTNaRWMxUjFLb3BWY2paSE5TZFRjTHBuYURKRlJVdFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/nicktv.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", NICKELODEON
http://?PWtYZVRWak1NbG1lbXRHV29KWE54WlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2Um5WVEJWZDFzV2F2QWpibnAxZE5aRVdoTjNZTEZHY3NoVmJVQjNhM0FET3dkRGVPTm5XWlIzWUhKVlFFVlVhNkZYYWtGalM2QjNZSE5tUW5sSGJTRjNLUzlDY2tOWFFVRjNWdFZFYk90eVE2eEdSMDhXUURGVGVSSm5SM2sxSzNSbVIwZFVUdTVXZUpOVldZQjNjQlIxYnZrRk0wdEdNbnBGYVJabmR3VWxaVkpqY0pOelJMNVdkcUZqVmxwR2UzeFdUS3AxUkdabGVLWjJWWGxtZDQ5bVMzUVVXeTlXWWhkalkwTmpkeDh5YzBSa2VvMUdSM28zU3hrWFJGMTJjUzVFYnVoV09ubDJR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eRdA7FckAyD.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Nokshi TV
http://?PWtXZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTnhCSGM2UjNVT1Z6Y1VwR1JyUjBUcGQzTlloM1pvTkhlbVZUWUlabGRZUlRUdkpUY29CMVppRlZOdkUzWVRSVlpzNWtkUkJWTnJOV1U0ZGpjc0ZEUnNSM01LaHphMVkwY0pSM0xFdFNac1ZGV0hWbE1EcFdVU2RXVHdBRmE0WVhhdjhTZXBsRWFQdHlST04zTFBOVVUybEZkWk5YY3BkM1Z2Vkdib2xtV0pKWFp5UkZPM0YzY3A1VU5hTm5NcFJWVXpnMVVrQkhjd2hFWlJOVGRITmxZcHR5Y3RaMEt2dHlMVmxuWXlkMlFTRm5lb3BYWnljblV3eEdSckVVUjY5bVJ5RjBWa0Z6YjU1a2Eyc0dV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", NRB TV (CAN)
http://?M2wzVTFJRFRwWm5acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUY3RCbmUwWm1kd1JYVEhsblptMUdja1pqVDBGMVoyWkhObzlrVnJSbmF2QTFWNTlrZGxOME1wcEdPdFIxVkxwMVV4WkhkcEoyZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/41/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_227718001561970151.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", NTV
http://?b2RrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJscEZVb2gyYjVrR2RuaEVkd2sxY2haamEwNUdNMzVVUU5SM01XZHpZRWRYYXlkbFVyb25ieFpqUTU5aVF6RjNZUnhVVnVwRWMya25SbU5tWjNoWGF6bG1iNjkyTlJOa1VKRnphc1ZHWmxaR1ZvUkZTdlVsZEtWbmRwSlVRMk5FYlIxR1dVRlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/ntv.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", NTV
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRwbG5acmhGYXlWRGIyRWpTblpUY3pCbmUwWkdPbHBuVUlka014d1dkMklGTzJaelkzOUdXR1ZFTXdoR2F4NFdURVpIYWlGVFJ5bzNUdmgxUjBObFVPQm5kQ2xGWlRwVWNJOUNUMFlqZHpOa2M1OFVhVWgzWXN4RVVZSkRkTFoxUzFBWFYwSkdjeDBFTWpWbk54VTNSdndtYlRkVU1EbFROd1puU1FkSE1yRm5NVlowU1F4MmFpQkZSMnAzUTRCVmFhOWtSWVIzYzFaSFZaeG1idE4yVmFoa1RzUm1kV2RrU0p4V2MzQVhTd2dWZWo1MGFEWkhac2RWYlZSM1JGSkhSeGNXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/IhHZaZ5dVqH.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", NTV
http://?PT1nZDVOVk55d1VheVoyYVlobWMxb25OeG8wWjJFSGJ3cEhkU1YyUXRGMGRoQjNUejhtUTBvV2FhbFVhaDVHUnI5V053WnpiR2hrTnlCblRxTm5VVjVtZENsaldZZFRlMVowS3RoVE56RTNSUXRtU1dkRWNQdHlSNmRrUjA5V2J4bEZSMmxIUzJjMVkwaHpidDVtZFJCMWM1TlZlMmNVU01WbmQyQTFRUFJrZU5kalVKbEdUeUpEY09SVk9rcDJOdmtXU3ZFa2FCOUNXcXhFUjZkR2FzVjJTVGRITkxOVmJuRmtlclozVFJkWFV0MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", NTV Europe
http://?NWwzVTFJRFRwcG1acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwUm1SNHNtUzJGVU13QmxkM01rVlBWRFJ6MTJLQlZVTjNjbVcyZzFaNG9tY3BoVmVrbEZSb0IxWTJsbU01Y0habFJtTg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Panvision TV
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUYzVCbmUwWlZjQ0ozYmFoMllsUkZieEJsYVVWRE93TlRURTFHYkxCWFZNQkZkWmhGYzJOWGQ2QlRlMk4xYXZBblF1Slhha1ZXZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", PBN TV
http://?eGwzVTFJRFRwWm5acmhGYXlWVGMyRWpTblpUY3FCbmUwVldhNlJITnJNME5PbFdiVUJuWnZsR012QnpUTFJrYlFoM2FqVkdTM1JrYTRnVFdwUm1lNWQzVnJwV1dpRm5RS2RqTg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/mi3DwvgJwBz.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", PTV global
http://?PWtXZVRWak1NbEdkbXRHV29KWE53WlRNS2RtTnh4R2M2Um5WV2hEYTI0bVFRTjFOdzlFVjFoVVFwQm5jQk4yTjJsRmIzUVZkc2RrU3cxa1F2Sm1lUTkyY2l4R1p6bzNhM04zTXdrbU5zVm1RV05YVnlsMmJLNVdkNFlYYjFZWFdrUlZSMVpqTXlnblJMNTJjdmdtVDFWVGJqVnpUb1ptUXpWamVaUlZSbmxYYjBGVFZEZHpkWnBWZDNwbmUwRlRTS2RsWTBnR01RMW1hYXBsYVpaa2RxWjBUNDUyTjFrRlVDeEdVd0UyUURWemJ5ZzJNMVYyTHJ0bVJrbEZkeEYzUzFZRlVCRlRheklITVdCWFp1VjFNeVJtUlFkblpIZFVkTFpsYlpWbFNrZEdU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/656/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_595018001571747444.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", PTV World
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZSlhURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJscEZVb0ozYjVrR2RuaFVld2sxY2haamF0NUdNMzVVUU5KSE0zNUVlVFJUYkJ0aWIxWlRXdWRXWTBnSGFOMW1ZemxqZWhKRmNxZDJZd3QyTG85Q011MTJaM3RtZXA5aWQyYzFaSEJWYjNGMllxWm5kUGhWTzNjbVRJNUdiNDRVZGtoVWRsZFhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Dr5As01pn0B.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", PTV World
http://?NGwzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWemMyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwWmxWNFVuTnVKRVVUZFRiUFJWZElGVWFvSlhRamRqZFpwMk5xMTJhU3RrZGlkVk9NRkdVeVJ6ZGl4bWVHRjNOdFZtU1lWa2UzWWphVTkwTnBkbVowSldkNngyTWxkVFFHVlZjMVkyY3JSemR6ZFdheXQyWW1wblRyUlRaQmxIY25kM1lCVmxRenRpY3haR1cwWUhNVE5uU0VOWGIxOEdhWFYwYXRsemRTVmxSTjUyZHg5aWRHbGxlNXRDTWw5a1N4ZG1aaGRtTllobmVCeEVVTGhHZXh3V1dhOVdWcVJtUTNwRWMzb0hPaGxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/613/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_098038001568632762.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Quran TV
http://?b2RrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWjFaWFJscEZVb2wyYjVrR2RuaGtid2sxY2haamFxNUdNMzVVUU5sSE1GdGtSTjl5YW85Q1V4WVRTb1ZFYTVkR01PMVdSeHhrTWxCWGRSSlhRMVpqTXRKelZJMWtXekVIVVBKWFEwSmxiSmxITVVkbk10SlZhb1JWYjM5V1c2SlhjM1FFZUV0V1VqbFZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/669/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_008672001571808155.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", RAI Italia
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZMVdURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWnNaWFJscEZVb3QyYjVrR2RuaFVjd2sxY2haamF5NUdNMzVVUU5CM01waFROdk0xYkRWM01oaEVXcGhIU0psa1F1VjNiS0JUZGt0a2F2VjFUNkpHVXhCRGRxRmtabFYzYlZwbU40Qm5hMlIxS2xWMlJ4SkRUTVJ6WjNNSE1OZERjM1UwZEVoMlVHdFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2oGVLjEB0gi.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Rai Italia
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTnh4R2M2Um5WNEJsYjA4eVJRdG1XdEprVjFoV1l3bFhVeVpHYUpsM2NMbERaR0pGVXRwVmN5dFdOcDltYVJkRVJ5UUZiREpYTkpGSGRwbGtTM3NDVTJJSFVYZEZlTWgxY1NOMk5sbFhOcEZUYzFkMEtxUkhPb1pEY0ROa2RPcG5NdmQzY3NoMFY0d2thendXU3JBSFRRVmplUnBGV3Bsa1J5dFNZTmhVYjI4V1M0QVZOWk5GZGlCekx4ZEZONVJWUXFsVFpuUjNMelZYWnAxR2RNaG5ZNEpUZXdCVlZsbGxOdlpYY3hOek5ESjFhWWhsZHpsVmJvbFdiRVZ6YjA4V01EZHpLWWRWY2hOV05DaDBS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Rang TV
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwZG1acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY3ZCbmUwTmxadWQyWjZaVFNDZEdhcXBXVnk1V1FyOUdSMnRTUkxOSGNIMVVOSU5tYTR0eVNzUkhPc2xYWldWRlozbDNhekVXWQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Republic TV
http://?c1ZIVG9Kak5qSlhlUzlpTTNsVGI0NVdSM0FUVHZsbmJtQnpWeFZITll0MGNDTkZjMFpsUjB3bWEySldNeXBsYXVWbmMxbFZiVlZWZHFSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHaEdiczkwWTQwMmJoNVVjeEpGUnFwWFIwY2tNd2RXZTFFVVpEcFdiV05WVEdWVFE2VlVkbHRHT01GbmR0ZG5OdzVrZHFWek0zVjFZcFZETkJsSE11cG5iMzh5YnhkamJQUlhWdmtETm85U2VoUlZjejltV2FoSGNSSlZicEJWYWpsWGF6SkZTUU5sVnE1V2NXSm5aRVIxY1M1bWJ6OENXeEpEWkdaVWE1OG1lcUZuUzRsemN1dFdhQmhqVnJOV2FRRm5hRUJYZGhSVk1uUkZldmdtZXBGV1V0aEVlcmMzUjRaSFZVeGthTWhUZXJGMVRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Roal TV
http://?eWwzVTFJRFRwaG5acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUYzFCbmUwRkdkMlVYUXRGV08xUkhiV3BXVU5wM2R4OUVXcWQwTmhSSFNoVlRXemRGYTBoVVMxQWxldFpWVWF4Mk1veDJkMFVIWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/rlCNJtTWjqR.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", RT
http://?PT1BZTVOVk55d1VhdloyYVlobWMxa21OeG8wWjJFSGN3cEhkWFptYW9OVk15bDJVbWxuTllOamRHVjJiem9IYkJsSFJ3UjFhWnRFY1ZOWGM1UVZiNk5tYXJFVGM1bDFUNlJGT25WelJMbEdNd0Z6YnI5VWIzTUdldzBtUTRaWGQ0RVdTdWwzVjVobVdRRjBaQ3RVVnY0V1N4ZFVVM1ZGT24xMk0zZHpMMXcwWjJOVWVQZGpXNHAzUlhsRk5JNW1UVnRpZXNkVGVtUjNVVGRqWjFsVWJ5ZDFUeEYzUXlvRk9GZEdiS2RHTU5WMFozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", RT Documentary
http://?bmwzVTFJRFRwTm5acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY3JCbmUwZFZRM1luYnp3V2Q0OGlhM1ZWWWhCVlpzUmxZSVZuUTROWGJ4Y0VOdWRGZU54MmR3cEdadmhGUkRCRGM1bFdlUEYyUQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", RT News
http://?MGwzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwWlZXR1JITncxMmROUm5kRHhXT0twV01vcDNkTHhtZDBWM05XVkhlUmRIYm5sV1J3VUdONEpsUTVsRlRhUlhkVkIzTA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/662/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_660830001571811229.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", RTR Planeta
http://?NWRrV3lFVU5ZSlhURlpWYmg5eWJ6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJscEZVb0IzYjVrR2RuaDBad2sxY2haamE1NUdNMzVVUU45bU01RjNkVVZWYXpRVE55MFVZcTEyWXR4bWFUUkhaT2RuTnJWMGEwZ2tTM1lsTTI1V2VEVmpUV0ZYVDBnbU5xaG1hcEYzUVBaVFJ3WnpWeUYxY3lNM1NEOTJjb2wwZHp3V1RHRlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/rtv.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", RTV
http://?eWwzVTFJRFRwbG5acmhGYXlWemEyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwaFZkV3BuYXJFVU5qdHlhd1IxTnZobmQxWm1TdWhWY1FWWGNKSldha2xsZExkWFc2dGtUMTlFWllobVlHRjNLaU5WUzM5U2JOZDJWQzlTVm5Oa1pFWlZiUzlXVVdaM2RZbHpjT3BWTTJ3a1JwVjJOMkpHVTFobmIwWWxRV1JFYlpsMGFzZFVVc2wyYTZWbmROTm5RbVJHVXNobGUyWlRkM0VGZG5CMWI2VlVWYUpIVzJVMGEwSldjcEpVYm1WbGN2dDBhVWxWVDNoM2F2TUVia05sZTRZR05pbEVTMFZUTkRsSGJrWjNMTVZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/yvvEywo6J8F.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", RTV
http://?PT1BZDVOVk55d1Vhc1oyYVlobWMxQW5OeG8wWjJFWGJ3cEhkWFptYTVOVk15bDJVbUpuTllOamRHVkdkem9IYkJsSFJxSmxlMGdFZXF4MlYwSmtZMUVsYWxoVlp3NUdUeVIxS3hFbFNKVjNNeGdXWUxSR2RxbG5kQ05EUzR4MFRKVnpTc3RXTzFCSFRHZGxid2tWUzFvVlQzSjNRa2wzVnJnV1UwYzNLUk56YzV3R05IMTJNcEpXZTZoVU8wOW1TdmdsVDFvMmNtZHpUUzltVXpwRmJPNW1STlYzWW9wVVZSVkZjMVZsVndkVlFxMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", RTV Music| Jagobd.com
http://?NmwzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY3RCbmUwRldRS2gzS01wWFFDaFZlRXhrVHVSRGUyUlViNFJtWUxwSGNucEZheDlpZUJkSE4zc2tScE4wWW9ablFrWm5ORWxWWQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/377/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_487153001554527298.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", RUPOSHI BANGLA
http://?MmRrV3lFVU5ZZFhURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWnFaWFJscEZVb2gzYjVrR2RuaDBhd2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU5kV01HQmpTRlJIZFNwRWRVOTJMNWhEVjZ4VWJWMW1ZbjkwWnJ3V2VRUjNkTkZsU3RaM2EzQm5Rek1IVWhKMWRySUZhUVJqV2xKbVk1TjBVdUJYZHpoMktzUjBjT2QxZEdKRmN0ZFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/105QtNR46SH.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ruposhi Bangla
http://?PThXZVRWak1NbEdlbXRHV29KWE41WlRNS2RtTnhkSGM2Um5XTEpGZDZwMlpZVkhkd0oxVENkMGJPSlhNd0ZUUzVsa2R3WVZkMWRWTm85VVp1TjFhdDVtUVZwMFRVQnphdzhHTnJRalR1MUdUbU5tYjVCWE13a25lR0J6WnpvR1d6UmpOcUJYZXpWVk1OeDJiVjFrUzVaMFp2QmxjMHAxTjZkM1FLSkRhdlZIYnZCelFhZGtkMjVXVnF0VVFueG1kNU4wWXZ3MlJ5VjNWRkYwWk54RVZoOVdRNXhFYkhaMktGUlhSd0VYVU5Sa2QxOENNR1ZEZDJWalNhWkZaWjEyU254R1QzZ0VjUEptYkI5a2U2UlhUbFZHY1VGSFIwUXpiRk5XYkROM04zQWxO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/105QtNR46SH.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", RUPOSHI-BANGLA
http://?c2wzVTFJRFRwbG5acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUYzRCbmUwWlZjNG8yU3hCRFd3NFdlcUJsYm9oVVczUlRTSjlTWk1SSGVHTjNjRnRFYkR4R01yNTBSclpXY3pRemQyMDJiQlpqYWlCMWNyTm5TUkYxVHlGbmIyTkZaMk1YUklwMGJXbHpjWlpITU9oV1l2QkhVd0JYYzVzV2V6c2tXRkpXYjBkVWNOeEdaNkpYY1NoR2NucDNiNjFXUTBCRmJ5b1hkUEoxZHBGMlE0bEVXdmxXU2lSbU10dG1lME1tWjBJVlMyRlRjcE5VVEt4bVVxZFdSd1UzZFhGMlFqcFdZckpETVhOelJHaG1TcVpFYXhGRWVpaERUTlZ6YjRsR2JpbDBiVjVXU0ZaSGEzWkdheGtWVTJwMVJzdG1ZdmhrYTBjSFNNeDJVNWhUY0lWMmFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/409/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_389856001563627259.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Russia Today
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZQlhURlpWYmg5Q2R6MFdaSVJIWnBaWFJscEZVb1ozYjVrR2RuaEVkd2sxY2haamFyNUdNMzVVUU5Sbk1aVlRNTkZUYWhkSFdpdFdZM1JrVVdoRU9zUlhjTTFHTlBkVGFySVhOa3RFVzJsbVV1TmpTeW9ITnpGMlVqUjJkalozZFhWMll3WjNORFZtY0hwWGFUbFdSSE5EYXdSMlRaTlhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/hw62kGT7ZqJ.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SA TV
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwaG1acmhGYXlWamUyRWpTblpUY3JCbmUwRjJhaWwyWTZGM2RMcGtkMGhXVDFVMFNwTm5jaUJqYzF4bVV6cDNVRmhXYWxwM1ZEVjFkeHBWVkhoblltdG1OMGdsY1dCVmR5RVRSelpVTnRSV1l5b0ZOR2RuVFN4VWJ1WjBkeFZIYnIwa2N0Um5jWWxGVDR3bVNsQkRibHBrY2o5eWFMWkdkeWxqWXUxV1FheG1UTDFFZXpnVGR3WW1ZTWgyWW5abGRUaGtlMjgyVTJoM040UVRlUmxWWnhvRWJ1bFVPbHBGTlRsMmJ4QjNNUkZUZG0xa2QwaFhacnAzTjBSMlp0bDJLaGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/satv.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SA-TV
http://?c2wzVTFJRFRwbG5acmhGYXlWamEyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwRkdjQ1pIVzFZVFFrcDJaTlpuYmtaVGQycEdNUzkyY094V2ExbFRXV3BYY2hsVFczdEVVME5WUzFZMGJ0RkhiVk5sZVE5MlpOTnpMeFIzWjN4R2RDRlZVVEJIT3g0ME1yTmxhak4zWTNRRE1uVlZRejlFT2E5V00wOFVjVHhVYTZKR2EzVjJVblJVZVF0MkwxWm5lNEpuWVRCWGVPMTBRUWRHTW85a2RKaERjUWxHVmx4MlZqTlhieHNFWlpOak1zcEVlNk5FV0hkbVU2WkhlVUZFZXpkR1Q0SkdldU4xVjZWa2RYaFhPSlZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Xqf99tBaKw2.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", Sangeet Bangla
http://?PWNYZVRWak1NbG1jbXRHV29KWE41WlRNS2RtTnhwSGM2UlhXUHQyYTVjMlpqWldWd2QyS3dNWGVOUlhRRnhVY0VOSGF2TVdRdGhVZDJCVk5ORkdkMlkzUzVjRWV3eFdiVGwzZHNKelR1ZDFaNVJXWmpwMlZYbGxSYUZFYzRnblpHQkZUb3R5WUdwa1lwZG5Ob3hVVHFKSGFtdGlWeU0yY3Noa1Z3c0dSbEJuY2hObWR5SkhkRkpYUmo5eVR0WldjYWxFYTNwbWV1aEdkNmxuYTE0a1Z5Um5ac3BYVm5KWFpSTkhaM1UyU1N0V2F6WXpkaWxWUXNSSE0zUlZTNXRHVXdBSE1ISkVlUHRXTnV0a1FvTkRXbFZFYU9abldocDFiWWxFYTRnRGV5STFj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/sangeetbangla.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", SANGEET-BANGLA
http://?c2wzVTFJRFRwZG5acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwRjJRU2RHVnFwRk5qVlVkdXRVWTJkamVueGtTdWxuY2hoR1MzSUdjSFIwYkhWRFpscGtUdnRXUlJoVFVTNVdiSEpIYllaM2JSbEhUU1ZVVHhaemFLbFRab05YZW05R1RzRmpkYXBYYXNobFYwbGtWd3AyZEdkblU2TmtNbHQyYW1GblppaDNLdWh6YVBGR2UxeEdOVmRFVUtSR2RWbDBTU3htVTNkMlVqaG1lSXBtUUVsRlZrVjFab3RDYU1OSGJ0QmxNMHBFTklaWFczRkZXdVIwZDFZV2NRdEVhb3BXUkRSMFpIdDJjeWNsVHZvV2VpTkdOdFZsTnNoM2RqbFVlUXgyVnk4a2UzUTBiNDFrY1NSMlpwRkVPM01WVGlwbmRLZDFTNnAzZHg4MlRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/64/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_392184001564902527.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Sangsad TV
http://?M2RrV3lFVU5ZWlhURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaEVjd2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU5WSE1KcEdTeFYyY3ZRWGN5dENkeUIxVjFVV1RySm5jaEpGZE9abGNTaFhOM2tGVnJaWGU1WjJiQ2RuUk5kMEttWlRhdFIxWXJ4a2V2aGtUcXBtTlpaSE54WURhVWh6YXpORE1aRlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Sangsad TV
http://?PWdXZVRWak1NbG1jbXRHV29KWE56WlRNS2RtTnhWSGM2UlhXUHQyZDVjMlpqWldWeGQyS3dNWGVOaFdRRnhVY0VOSGRySTNVeGxsVjNkRE1JSlVZNHcyVkhCak5MSjJjblJFWnhnRGJwVkhUNElXVllwWFk0QUZUVnBGY1o5R01pSjFTclIzSzVsRWNKMVdkeVVHTUpkVGFvZEZNaTlXZHdoRk5ZaEdNNW8zTFd0V1VUTldlMGRuZTRRbGN3MUdSUEZrUXFwV082TjJkVHBXZVFKVE9ITmtNblZsTXFORE16TTNZMVZ6S0Q5R2FQNWtZa3BYUXE1RU1JSjJLMVFYUjZsMWFTSlhjMGwwY0xCVGNxVlZPbk5YVzJ3bVQ1TlZTRVoxZGlGVFoxcEdU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SANGSAD-TV
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE53WlRNS2RtTnh4R2M2UlhZREpWZVVwbVcwTVdSdzUyU2haM042WkhUSzVXZXlGbWRJeFdPS04wWTQ5RVcydFVOMTBtVnhWalNGVlhldmMzVlI5VVVzOVdjQmRVWW5sSGVySldhV1ZsZHlnbFp5UUVXcEprYkNSRE1KOW1VYTlXTm1KRWNxVnpiSmRsVXloRFZLMUdkd0ozUmFoMExJNWtkV0oxWnU5MmF2cFdlYVoyS21sMlVwUldhcFJYZHZFbFFCRkhhdGRFVk1kMmN1ZEhad1JEV3hoVmN3TjFieEZtY3VaVmE2SmpZMzUyVjRSVmJNSjBhWVYzYllaRE9yRjJMeFpFT05kMmF6QkRjaWxtYXFwR1dVOVdP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SATV
http://?cGwzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWVGMyRWpTblpUY3pCbmUwWldZRzFHV29WR1VGdGtjQ0psU2xWak13cDBLMlkzWm9wR1o1WlhiUGRUZDVOM1RpTm1lcnBHYVNaR091Um5SMEFqUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/k0i5kbGxf81.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", SET Max
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwbG1acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwRjJhaWgyWTZGM2RMcFVhMGhXVDFVMFM1Tm5jaUJqYzFwR1ZyQlhXS3hVZFlKVFF4Y1ZUNHRTU3lnSE12WUhlcjRVVTFSemEwUTBUcVJsUzJwRWE0SjBVU2hHV01oemF6NFdka05XWTNzbVluRlhSNVpXTVZWSFdySjJRc1ZGYnhOVFdyTURTNVpXV1ZoVVk1UVhOc0ZIVFdoWGE0QTNMNVFHUnR0a2M1dGlWeWxYUjFFWFl6QjNjMUlHVTJjamJ2RmtTdmNIZEcxR05NTm1RTmxuZVY1RVU0TlZhblYzUVJkRE41TjNaaWRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/641/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_602468001571288709.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Set Max HD
http://?cGRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJscEZVb1ozYjVrR2RuaEVld2sxY2haamFvNUdNMzVVUU5wM01vWmtRNGduYml0bWVpOTJVck5qYTI4MlVZQm5Rc3BWY29CbGJ6WjBSaEZ6TTQ1bWFzZGtaU0ZYYllSVVQxRTJkbmQwWXZORlYwWkhUeEowWXhjMlVPQmxUcTVVYUQ1VU1RMVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Somoy News |  STAY HOME
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwcG5acmhGYXlWamIyRWpTblpUYzFCbmUwTkdkSjkyWmhkM1NzcFVkdjhrVllOV2R2SmtWT2gwSzIxR1IyUUdXS04yZEI5Q09HbEZjNFJsVTI0a1VIdFdPd2N6Sw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/ipgVRU2qhw3.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Somoy TV
http://?b2wzVTFJRFRwdG1acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwbDFUcmRXT25kMlltVjFabnRDTXpsWFR5RlVSTUZIUnpsV09vdEdTcHBFYkxoVFlNbEVWcXhXVmpORlJGcDJRM0FUWnZVbGNybFRhTGhETTBwWGNIZEVOMmRuTUhSRloxRjNielJGTUpOSFV3TldVTEpuYXBabmFuZFdjQkZuZXpZMFlabFVOdFpWVEh4RWJGeFdONGhtTmlKbWQwb2tTdjlHWnRwMkxzbDNRUjEyVXJoWFJ5WW5hMHhHVmxwblVybEZkdWgxYmFoM1JRaFZOVDlpZHJoek1POVVNblJYYU5WWE5FeG1ZdmdUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/65/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_492797001483519440.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Somoy Tv
http://?b2RrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5aWN6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJscEZVb3AzYjVrR2RuaFVid2sxY2haamExNUdNMzVVUU5KSE1SbDFUamxFYVU5VVNTTmpZcTFHT3FkVFJ3NUdSd0FuVnRoRmN3a1RUVkYzVnlKVE1LTlZacmgyYzZ0VWNWWkZjeVVHZDNSME4zaGtlNXhFVlFwV2JpUlZNUGwwY3R0VWR1MVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/somoytv.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SOMOY-TV
http://?PUVYZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE5xWlRNS2RtTnhWSGM2UjNWaFprZVNOR1NPaEdNME4wYXBwVlkwa21SRmhUY2hwMmR4WVRXcjFHYjV0aVR5Qm5SQzVXY29aR09zWlhlcWhGU0dWbk02bDBTNVFGVzZKSGR4SVVObmxXYUhKbVRMZG5ZMVprWTJjbE5LOUdkRUZWUUNGelpSTnpRb0ZWYnpSVVozUkZVNlZIVWlGV1pvbDJkS1YyZGlGbVl4SmxNQ3BWYllaM1p0bFVZYVJGZDBnRU0wZ25WeFoyVkpaMVYwYzNkd0VqV245VWIwVUVUSHQwUXVsRlpCMVViRWhtZXdabFVyTldkNVUyYko5bWN2SlhiTVJtVHlGbk1PNTJVYTVXY3hGek1CWjFk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Songsad TV
http://?c2wzVTFJRFRwVm5acmhGYXlWamQyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwSmxVeG8yS3ZGbWR0SnpkQzFrUnJkalJvUmpZUmhWZEdCSFcyUm1XdDEwYlo1VVdqcDBUM3AxWjBaellOaFhURE4zWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2434/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_453778001609415473.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Sonic
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZMVdURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWjJaWFJscEZVb2gyYjVrR2RuaDBkd2sxY2haamF2NUdNMzVVUU5OM01UbHpTV0ZHZG50eVJ5azJZd2RGUzROelJWQm5WNXgyYm5obWVGaFhiTlptVHRKbFVMZG5ZNDBHZXZSRU5teFdlMDUyS1JwVll6WlZiUloxZG1CblVJTmxkUngwWjI5MGQ1Z1RQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/612/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_032827001584856027.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Sony  Yay
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWndaWFJscEZVb2gyYjVrR2RuaEVhd2sxY2haamF6NUdNMzVVUU5oM01EQlhhNjlDZDFnRVVPQm5leTlHVjZKbGMwTUhUT2xrVFZCemRCTlZVNGtHTnJKVVYwVlhacEpuUng5VVdraGxheklEZG1GRWR1UmthS05uYjVBM05GSlhPMWhuZDFjWFpadFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/343/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_705542001514286228.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Sony Aath
http://?dWRrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5aWV6MFdaSVJIWnpaWFJscEZVb2gyYjVrR2RuaEVkd2sxY2haamF0NUdNMzVVUU5sV00xbFZad2tUZTBGM1l5bzFjcmwwUlZoamROcDNjaWxsTjM5VWFZSlRXWkJqUzF0eU1xdDBUV3AyVVFsV2JSTlZjQlJYU3FKMFM0ZERSQk56UVJGSFVYVmpZemNqZHRWbVNMVlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/62pJAoY3kCM.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Sony Aath
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRweG1acmhGYXlWamUyRWpTblpUYzRCbmUwbDFUcmRXT25kMlltVlZlbnRDTXpsWFQ2RlVSTUZIUnpCWE9xTjJiaVZ6Y3hObE5PUjFOeEZtVVRaRU9oRjNTamxUVndRV2JDUjNLMWRWZHlSVFl0OVNXM3NtWnNOMVoxTmphc2hXV0NwMmExaERkRXRpVEoxMk54WTFLbmxrZDRFRU5ZcFdXNmRYTTZaV2F6OG1VQ1JsV1NKM2Q2aDNTU3AyVW5Sbk1NbERUSnBIYnFsMlM2ZDBaaGgxWjZsME40cFhWTXRFZDBrWE92cGxleXNpZHpBWFQxVm1VM0pEU3I5V2QwbDNkdmhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/396/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_640718001563607067.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Sony BBC Earth
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZTlhURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaGtid2sxY2haamEyNUdNMzVVUU5wbk10WmphdGh6WnhoVmVoUlRhcWQzVnFKelpoNTJhMXBXUk5OMmNHaDJNU2RXZDVkM1p4a2tXRzlXYm1obmNySjBkTmRFYnpkelJ1TjFOWlYxWjE4V1NJVkZUWVZXYUZWVmVGRlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/670/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_960661001610174299.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Sony BBC Earth HD
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZWlhURlpWYmg5aWF6MFdaSVJIWnVaWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaEVld2sxY2haamF5NUdNMzVVUU4xbU10WmphdGhEYXhoVmVoUlRhc2QzVnFKelpobDNhMXBXUnNORmVYZDFTTWQwY3RGblNDbEdUa0ZYZTJ0U1VwQjNkTEprY1RKWFozbDFZd1VrUlRoblRIVkhVMVFqYzBaM2N4dFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/602/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_226035001584535399.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Enter  HD
http://?eWRrV3lFVU5ZMVdURlpWYmg5eWJ6MFdaSVJIWjJaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaGtkd2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU5wMk11VkZXMGRWYzFORWJ5RlZSMmhVUll4MGJQTjNZemcxZEJKamFrWkZSSnRTWXlCSGFTVjBieU1YUnlFbFM0UlVkdkVWVG5kR014WldSaUZuTVIxMlZhaDNaTjEwYks5aWVpRkZXcVZuVmlGbGJPaG1abmxtV1doVGUyaDBacTlFV25wSGQ=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/57/logo/115x115/channel_logo_830721001481302384.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Entertainment
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZeFdURlpWYmg5eWJ6MFdaSVJIWnRaWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaDBhd2sxY2haamFxNUdNMzVVUU5WM011VkZXMGRGZDFORWJ5RlZScWhVUll4MGJQZDNZemcxZFFSVGNsWkZOdXBIVXZ4VVE1Y2tXNVkzU1cxV1lYbDJkbkpIZXZFVVVyTjBRSTlFVnV0V2FOaFRjNHdrYU9WMFNDSlRUczlpYzM1MFM0OUdUclYxY2FaMGEzTnpLU2xtWXF0U1E=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/352/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_143317001514373547.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Max
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZdFdURlpWYmg5aWN6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJscEZVb2wzYjVrR2RuaGtkd2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU5sbU10NVVUM1pqYzY5aVQwTTBjMVpGT1ZSVVpVZG5OdDVFV3JNM1pWSlZRVHBsWnNsMUswdGtVSDEyU0oxV1RUZDNiRnBVWTJsM1kyTjFkdVpITzBGWGRRQkRNeGh6ZHpaa1doOVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/353/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_916505001610630048.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Max 2
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZRlhURlpWYmg5aWF6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJscEZVb0YzYjVrR2RuaDBad2sxY2haamF6NUdNMzVVUU4xV01sSmtVMzFHYnpJRmFQZGxlb05GYkN4V2FOQkhSelVVVHNSRGV4czBiWGRVVndaSGN0WlZVbXRtWXFKamFDRm1jdUJ6VDNzVWF5SmtjVUZYUXlvbk5HcFhieEZVYnF0MkxTTldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2421/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_112993001610629767.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Pal
http://?cGRrV3lFVU5ZNVdURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWnBaWFJscEZVb3AzYjVrR2RuaFVid2sxY2haamFwNUdNMzVVUU5CWE1aQjNWSE4wYjVrelYxNTJTMHhrWTFBM1J4cEhieWtuY1FobmRSUnpRQ2wwUTZCbmF3YzJMUk5uUlB4bWFHZERkVFZVV0lsMFp1RmxlVVpVTXpSWE5GQlZSRlJVYjBKalNIUlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/397/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_798108001563606957.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", Sony Pix
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5Q2V6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJscEZVb1ozYjVrR2RuaFVjd2sxY2haamFzNUdNMzVVUU5sSE1XWmpTTWgxY1loR1ZEaERaNkZYTnJaRVdEVlhVeWNYVnNwM2RzcDBONGNGVHFsV2N2a0RSUmQyY01CM01PNWthWHhtY0h0MEw2NVVjd01WYUJ0MlVLUlRWMFZ6YktKek5oRlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2419/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_783997001610629373.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", Sony Pix HD
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZaFhURlpWYmg5aWF6MFdaSVJIWnNaWFJscEZVb2wzYjVrR2RuaFVhd2sxY2haamFuNUdNMzVVUU4xR01pRkZPdlFsZFJKamNPSkZkb1JEYXBKbFQxb1hWVU5WZUIxMGJyZFVSNFFsVDVaa1RLVm1NczkyU0psa2JaaG5ha2RFVHNaVmE1MTJZS05HTkRWWE54NDBZVE5WYmhSalUzUVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/342/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_015392001584350910.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony SAB
http://?M2RrV3lFVU5ZQlhURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaDBad2sxY2haamE2NUdNMzVVUU50bU1LVkZVaWxrYnRSVVd0WjNLdk5WYzBobmNXaEhXNFJuYnJJMWJXSnpTVUZUVXdOM1lFeEdjeWhHWktWeksyaERlRGRGZDJsa1F0UnpacmREZVVsSFZpaFhUM3QyYmxKektaMVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2420/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_091920001610629573.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Sab HD
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5U2J6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJscEZVb04zYjVrR2RuaGthd2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU5oR001YzBRemxGZVp0MmNFcEdTNE5FWkdka1VQZDNhbVJXT1F0MmJIZDBkd2NtYzExRWVLUm1TU0ZuY3YwRVJURjBkeU1HTTVjVU4weG1iajEyS1FsSFVxQm5VSEpFYUgxMExORlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/351/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_819695001609840072.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Six
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWm9aWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaDBad2sxY2haamF6NUdNMzVVUU5Sbk13a1RZR2huY3FsbWRoVkdWd3AyUW54V2VDNW1UUzVtU3ZrV2N3WmtiUlZUVzI1V1lrZHpUekVYWVNCRlZ0Qm5jTU4zTDRKRE8zSlRic0ZWV3VKblZxaDBTeGdUYjVCVGIwQVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/s8IBAPVHazB.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Six
http://?M2wzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWRGMyRWpTblpUY3FCbmUwbDFUckZYT25kMlltVlZibnRDTXpsWFR1RlVSTUZIUnpKM0xCbFdZd3dHY1Z0RWQ1SWpadlIwWnZzMmN0aEdTNXRTU1l0bWFwQlZSbmxFTXFKR1pqVlRjaXQyVm81RVV6SlVicWhtZTRFRFN1SkRWeUZFUnB4R1RyRTBUWkZIYTBGelR0ZHpiNGRVVkw5eVo2Tm5hTFpWTWhwMmIwa1hWMEozTTFkRVY1Um1WSjlXTm9oblphQlZieG9uZHMxbVkyVnpUR0pEU3pGWFdqMVVkeFJGY0JaWFc0ZFdOM2RGZDVabFJySUhNejBVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/606/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_532142001572844781.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Six HD
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJscEZVb2gyYjVrR2RuaDBjd2sxY2haamEyNUdNMzVVUU5aM00wWVZNU2xuZDNFMlZVTlZSd2xFZXJFbmVQZFdVYWhqZHc0V2RYdGtRNGtUWXdoSFJIWmpidjVtUWlaVWN5ZEZlME5sWTNOa2Q2RjNkVzFrVHRGSE00cGxjT1JsZTNRMVlzTlhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/49/logo/115x115/channel_logo_293798001481298412.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY TEN 1
http://?NWRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWjFaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaEVhd2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU54bU1JNVVZM2xqYUxaVGFOSnpTMDlFZHVabFQwc1dVdFYzTlRsbGUycEZaS2xVUjZSVlpCTmpNNDQyTFg1RU1WSlVhc2hIVEhwblpuUjFjNmgxYjJnMmQzTkhXQjVVYmpSVmFrZFhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/603/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_524057001567842834.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Ten 1 HD
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5U2J6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb2gyYjVrR2RuaDBhd2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU5kbU1abFVPU0ZYZUpWM1V2WVhlMTlHVnJKbFdXbDJLSEpXY3hNelpVZDJWMVJuUzM5U1pUaEZVMDBtWnlFMlZqSmxkQ3AzZHYxR1YxQlRSazkwVDJGSFN6OUNkdmcyYjJKamRvaFRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/50/logo/115x115/channel_logo_081896001481298442.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY TEN 2
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZTlhURlpWYmg5Q2R6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJscEZVb3AyYjVrR2RuaFVhd2sxY2haamEyNUdNMzVVUU5CWE0zeGtjTWRVYXdNV1lHZEhWcFJIWmhaa1I2eG1XeXMwYUNKVmV4ODBWeUpFVzNobVdNSkZjaFpYT1hGbll6UTFkWWRqV1NkalZ1TmpNV05GU3VOblVGUkRSeHdXZHdzQ2RMMVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/27bE6UrXVzf.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY TEN 2
http://?PW9XZVRWak1NbFdhbXRHV29KWE54WlRNS2RtTnhGSGM2UlhZckpHYmpwWGMzdGtTc1JIYU5WVFJMaDJjeUpHTXlWM2FTZFRNNDkyVjM5MlFMRldaNThtY05Oa2RRWldldFZsYll0RVZxWlVlMEZuUzNGWFdYaDBRQ0ptYUVsM2FtZEhOeWhWYndzR2FvcDNURGgwY3FkRmFyTnpSVnRTUTRKa1ExNG1TaWRtU0NwMWFRNVdkMWRUUm1SMVl0UjBTc0oxZHpnbld0UnpNQlZIZTFBVGNvNWtaMzVtZXZ0V2Q2WkhjNVEyUjVSVWVKZFhXdU5VTTVCMVozaFhhV3QySzVwMFZIcFZjUlZUZEJkM1V4bFRTNUozTWtOWE0xQjNkYU5sZTJoelRaaEVl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/604/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_995268001567842888.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Ten 2 HD
http://?M2RrV3lFVU5ZQlhURlpWYmg5eVp6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJscEZVb3QyYjVrR2RuaDBjd2sxY2haamFvNUdNMzVVUU45R01xSjJOTlJGYmlwMktuZGtZemhVU1FKSGRybzJhSUZVZDRFbWVJcEdiUGxHVDFGMFl2NVVScEozY2FwR1d0SlhjNU1VVTVJbVNuTnpOd2R6S08xV2J2TldWd1ZYYlJSSGVGZFhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/51/logo/115x115/channel_logo_085025001481298469.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY TEN 3
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWm9aWFJscEZVb3QyYjVrR2RuaDBhd2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU4xR01uSnpjcjRXY0lKalJRZDJMbk4yVXpRM1oxWUhXck1qZDFoRmV2OGlaSTFVTXpWMVNHTlZhU3BIYXdkM1ZRbEdiTU4wTHc1VVRuQkZaRjVFT0pWSFVuNVVjTFJXYXhKblNUZFhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2418/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_060335001610628658.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Ten 3 HD
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5aWN6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJscEZVb0IzYjVrR2RuaFVkd2sxY2haamFvNUdNMzVVUU41Mk0zRmtjeXRFZVZ0bVowbG5lMTlDT01OMlFxaG1XdjEwUlQxV2RPOUNaUU5YTnJKRU5OWjNkUmxXYXBoM1VpTm1lUkpqY2lGbFI0VldiUGxGT0RsbU5EVldTVGxWYjVVbGFqZFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2422/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_395146001610630298.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Wah
http://?eWRrV3lFVU5ZRlhURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJscEZVb0YzYjVrR2RuaGtld2sxY2haamE1NUdNMzVVUU5SSE1MQnpRNWwzWjJaa05OQlRaekZrYVhOVE1TcG5RWU5WZTJkRWVIVjJTTWhHU3NaMGM1SldWc04zTE5oMmQ0UjNiNFZUYVlWMFZ0ZEZSeFFqU0g5bVVCNTJLSUZIYTRsMVlPTldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/sonyaath.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SONY-AATH
http://?PWNYZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTnhCSGM2UlhaMU0xYnVaR1cwSVVSdGxGZFRKbmEwRVhNU2RWYXMxRWRVbFVjeFlUTXdwbFlROUVkTmRXYTZGelF6bzFkd2tsVWh4a2VvQkZOa0YyVU5OM0tGVjJkMk5XZFZWMlZaMVVhemgzTndSR2VLOW1XWTlrU3Y0MGN4MEVkNGwzZDRWbVNNeGtldDltY0doVE5xQjNja3AzYXFsMlQ1TjFZd1p6VnRGSGJteGtWaWhqY0RKbWFyVTBVb3RFWllwMlpQTjNhVk56UkVsV2EwOVdUMEpYTXQ5R2VCVkZjMWRYWm5KVVp5aFRlaXRXUmxGRk42UkRSMkYwWjRkM1Z4NDBOb1JqZW1sbVUybG1Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/sonysixhd.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY-SIX
http://?PW9XZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE5xWlRNS2RtTnhCSGM2UlhaMU0xY3VaR1cwSVVSd2xGZFRKbmEwSVhNU2RWYXMxa2VVeGtjWVJUWm5wSFYzTWxieHcyU29oMmIyWTFkM1UyU3lGa1dybDJMNTVtUnBsWGQxZzBkV1YxZGhwbFpXOUdiNHRpWXJRa1R6bEhlUHBXY3dNWGNJUlVNNUUxVjBKbVNHWlhacWxXY3doVmMzNFVlWE5sVDZSWFkwUjFMNEpXV2hsblpGaERNNUFqYkhCamVVQjNRejFtWU9kV2JycDJRNVZqTXBkWGFSZERWdllUUW9CVFFGZDFZcWxIVHpkVWIzZzBka1JFZWpsSFI0SmtaVkJsTk81MlpTcEdWUWhGYldkRlc2eEdh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/sony-ten-1.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY-TEN-1
http://?PWdXZVRWak1NbFdjbXRHV29KWE5uWlRNS2RtTnh4R2M2UkhWWFJYYnBsbGRpSkVVMDUyVXJzeVZPTlhXRGRVVnFWM2Q1OWtkUlp6TnF4MlpEcG1iWXBuWllKSGVwUnpkanRTVDNkelFySlVUUVJUVzB4V1UzSnpkaUJWYVZkM0t3dzJVdVZVT3lrV1pJcFdOMU5sTndoemNXUkdkUGhWVTRGRldXSkdWVkZYVG1KRmQ1QnpjeVlGUm5aRE80UjNMNmxtUTBBSGI1aEVTSnQwYUt0VVZ3a0VOdVpVYnpaelN5RlhWcVprYjM0MGJwZFRNTXhFWnJoekt5azFVQ3QyY0NOR1ZSSkRkNWNqY0hGVlUxcFdPcWRFU085V2VQTldTNk5qZXlvVVc2bEZN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/sony-ten-2.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY-TEN-2
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE55WlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2UkhWWFJIZXBsbGRpSkVVdzUyVXJzeVZPVlhXRGRVVnFWbmU1eDJhMXRTU3loRE9yTTFNR3hHTUc1RWVpcFVid2xUVjJOMmQ1VjNjSFJVVnJ4MlFWdEVheGNuZEpWRlVuQkZNeFoyTE5aM0tDSjNLNEVVTktWRWE1a0RjRnQyYzVsVVozeDBUbnBYYVFWVmRXQlhlcFpXYXBWRU1yNUdSbXhFV0w1V2Qza0ZPeDVrYnpsM0sxQm5RcXBYWTJNMmJWbEhWelpUZVpCWGIzSkRiVXhtTnNOMFJSWlRiNnBXVzRrelR1dEdkTk5YT3F4a01xUkVTM05GUmFSWFFhRnpOTnRXYndVa2J1SldZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/610/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_687052001568630923.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Sunnah  TV
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWnNaWFJscEZVb1ozYjVrR2RuaGtld2sxY2haamF6NUdNMzVVUU5GWE1zVm1RUVIzYUxkR2MyTjFkbkpET3hVVlZ4RW5SMXRDTTFSVWJERmpTS2RGTXdKbWJvTjFNTWQzY0lWR081WldiSlpYYmpWamNuUmpSbk4xS0ZsM1phSlhUbzlXZEp4MEszTVhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Time TV USA
http://?cmwzVTFJRFRwbG5acmhGYXlWamMyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwRmxZejgyTUxWamRoWmpiSmxGVFRKMlNvaG5Wc1JYUmpKblFtVmpkMUlYYUlwbFdpdENOMU5VUlNSbFVFNW1kWmRqWQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Times24 TV
http://?MWwzVTFJRFRwcG5acmhGYXlWVGQyRWpTblpUY3JCbmUwSjJZdXBtVnBkVmVFSjJicklFYlZoV2I2Vm1jMFZFZEVsblJwSlVXc3BVZTI4a1Y1b0VVeGhHZEJWWFprOVdNNVJuYQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Titash TV
http://?dWwzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWemEyRWpTblpUYzZCbmUwZDFVMklIZTNZblloaEhjTWhGZXdBek42TldkNWswYksxV1laZEhVUkZUY3NSRk16WkVNbmhWUXVoMmRwOVdaQnRHVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/608/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_763921001610370189.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", TLC HD
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaEVid2sxY2haamFvNUdNMzVVUU5wWE12eFdPWkZtYk5WalpEVjFRM2xuVnZNV09hcFhlaHhVUlhwV2FEVkRjRWxYVHJ4V1dtMVVWUnBYVHJFa1dwSkhic3BIZHZnblc2SkVVRUIxYnhkV1pYTldaeVlYY3ZWMlVWTldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/407/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_639857001563630083.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", TV5Monde
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZZFdURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJscEZVb2QyYjVrR2RuaFVld2sxY2haamF3NUdNMzVVUU5aSE01VlhicXRVYXlWVU9ERjNLM1ZqYUNWMGR2RjNkQnAzTFNkRmRHUkVaU3hVWjFKMFJhOTJkTVYzYVdkbFdIbERiM2d6VHpvWFI0aFhidEpFZFhoSE5PcGtjdlJuYU8xVWRpbFVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", TVoneUK
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwRm5acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUY3lCbmUwbEZhTVJIVjNnRVc0UkdiNFFXWjZWVVIzWjBTNW8xUnNwSGFtWkZOeWxUYkZWRVMxSVZhcDFXU0N4bVNNUm5VdkoyUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", UA TV
http://?MWwzVTFJRFRwbG1acmhGYXlWemIyRWpTblpUYzBCbmUwTkdWemQyWTZkRVJ3c0NkeHcwUTVFRU41bEdTbTlXT29oWE0zTVdZdGxVYkI1R2RsTkdNcVIxUllSelV3TW5WVUptWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", V2BEAT TV
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWemIyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwUkZWbGhHY3Y5V2N4OTBkVUpuV0d0bWN4eDJRWjltVDVZbmJaUkVleDBVZUoxRWFWaDFOMEpUYkJWbmE2aG5ORUZHWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Varendra TV
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRwcG1acmhGYXlWeloyRWpTblpUYzFCbmUwTkdkWmRuVzVZVFF2RlRidk1uV2FwMGJ2RjFaamhYWkp4V2RqRkdlbjVVYkt0MkxFZGtVNU5IVkxWM0xqMVdVMVozUQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2433/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_875184001609660101.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", VH1 HD
http://?emRrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWnVaWFJscEZVb2wzYjVrR2RuaDBad2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU4xR01hcFZZV3R5Y21KVGNDQjFSdVowYU8xV05qNW1UNkpHY1RaWGJ6OWlid0pEUzZSMlQ0NTBjVmhXY0xsV09paEdidkEzVHZkamM2SlVOVlYzTE85bWFTTlVjd3RDYXZjR09wbFVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", VOA TV
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwTm5acmhGYXlWRGEyRWpTblpUYzBCbmUwWkZTc2RuV3RoektFRlZkbkpEZTJSRWF4Qm5NbU5rTjQxbU1zUmpTVkZuZHZJR1JQOVdld0ZFZHpvMWFxOTJMWGxqUQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", VOICE TV
http://?NWwzVTFJRFRwWm5acmhGYXlWamQyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwRlZWT2gzYlk5MFEyTldieE1uYWxwR2J0aDNTNWQxYVNWbmRPTnpaT0pHZENsVFp5aDBZMGRUTjFnRGVqMVdTVWRuZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/b12C5CpfsdY.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", WION
http://?M2wzVTFJRFRwcG1acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3RCbmUwaFZWeWgzVDVrVlJLVmxjTWx6S0Y5aVZySkdkdnBXY0RWWGJHSmpNSlpYY1JOM1ZDWjNVNlowVjZaRVdsaDJWeFVIWldGV2VrUlhOeGNEYnVKbFF2TkdVUlpYVXprektxdHlibGhEYnBOa2FzaG1keklVTWxsblZqNW1WSVZtZERwV04xbDBiekIxVHdvR1dadG1lRkJGVFRKWGFyUVVTdFpVWXdkMUsxWmtZUVZIV1I5eVR3c21iblJqWjBzRVQ2VmpReHBVZEtSM1JYaDJTSkYyY3ZsMFR2a0RVb0JWVll0MlFHcEdTQlZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/382/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_481797001563628897.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", WION
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZQlhURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJscEZVb2wyYjVrR2RuaDBjd2sxY2haamF5NUdNMzVVUU5kM013MDBOc1ozYzVvbGJNSkZXbjUwTDVKMVJGbG1ONGtrWTRjM2N6Z2pNdzFXYnE5VU1KOTBNS0JIZDRwMVI0QVhhSVZEU1gxMFF1aEdNNUYzTjRzMlR6UjBONXgwYW9KWFY1UVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/355/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_243960001584621984.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Action
http://?emRrV3lFVU5ZWlhURlpWYmg5aWV6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaEVjd2sxY2haamF3NUdNMzVVUU5KSE16a1RiM2QwZHROelFYeGthd2x6TElkbVUzZFhRSEZFZFoxMlpEbFVRNW9VZXhwMGRIUm1jeXdHYWlaRVNyeEVjVUZtU3JRM1oxZDFZSnQwYzRKSGEwUjNTVDlDYWpWSFRZbFVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zeeentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_action.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Action
http://?eVZIVG9Kak5qRlhlUzlpTTNsRGQ0NVdSM0FUVHFsbmJtQnpWeGxITll0MGNDTkZhMFpsUjB3bWF1SldNeXBsYXVobWMxbFZiVlZWYXFSRFR3dFdPbjVVUjRWR2JHZEdiczkwWTQwMlpoNVVjeEpGUnBwWFIwY2tNd2hXZTFFVVpEcFdlV0oyUjNZbWF5RmpkUWRtWVlwV1RROVNhRUZGZDJrelNSdFdNeHgyUk45Mk5PVjNTaVZHTkZKMmF6WURacGRtY3hOMFRhSm1WemtYY3NkVU9DMUVhWGhqTXJoa2RweDJRWjlXT0Zsblp2SjFMekpWZDFGVFYwMFVZd1JWTjJ4V1NLZFdNM2xWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tellychakkar.com/sites/www.tellychakkar.com/files/styles/amp_metadata_content_image_min_696px_wide/public/images/story/2020/06/11/Zee.jpg?itok=MuVpWAQc" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Anmol
http://?elZIVG9Kak5qZFhlUzlpTTNsamE0NVdSM0FUVG5sbmJtQnpWeGhITll0MGNDTmxkMFpsUjB3bWF0SldNeXBsYXVsbWMxbFZiVlZGYXFSRFR3dFdPejVVUjRWR2JHUkhiczkwWTQwV2NoNVVjeEpGUjFwWFIwY2tNdzFXZTFFVVpEcEdlV0YyVERoVU8zVjNjeXBYVnhSWFUzQlhVc0JIY3lKVWR6ZGtkdHRXUnROek5ZRlhTME5rZEZ0MGExaGxUekVqY28xME12d21VWGhuVzRwRk94OEVjVlJYWjVZVmFxeDJZbGRXYTVNSFZvRmxRUkZVY3dCRGEyUkVidnhtVE9oemJobFhkVEZqWkZCbGJXZEVaMzBVTnZCWE1xUjNZd2dHT3JrV2JTWnpaNW8wUVhwa1IwSm1ZSFZGU3A1MlJ4WnpVdU5UY0hsMFRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tellychakkar.com/sites/www.tellychakkar.com/files/styles/amp_metadata_content_image_min_696px_wide/public/images/story/2020/06/11/Zee.jpg?itok=MuVpWAQc" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Anmol Cinema
http://?c1ZIVG9Kak5qTlhlUzlpTTNsVGI0NVdSM0FUVHVsbmJtQnpWeGxHTll0MGNDTjFaMFpsUjB3bWF6SldNeXBsYXVobmMxbFZiVlZsY3FSRFR3dFdPMDVVUjRWR2JHbEhiczkwWTQwV2RoNVVjeEpGUjVwWFIwY2tNd1ZYZTFFVVpEcFdiV04yU2FKMVF6TmtZSFZYVE5GSFd6bzNRWnBHZE85U2RFSjBWMVozYUpSVU1pOVdkWVZWZEpSMWJGUkhVM3AyZHlOR2JrWkRPV05uYndVbk41UUdhb3RtZXJkbFIxTnpjRHRtTkgxR1NraERVdEZFZHJnV1NKTnpWNVJXZXVWV1JyODJhTjlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/340/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_209158001561972797.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla
http://?c2RrV3lFVU5ZRlhURlpWYmg5aWN6MFdaSVJIWnBaWFJscEZVb2gyYjVrR2RuaDBjd2sxY2haamExNUdNMzVVUU5Gbk1sTldNWGwzWlFoME1LdGtkMFJXTjZKSE0yaG5SRmxWTmFWSGJvTlRjNElWUXIxMlNUaEZaRlZYZHZVRlV5SmxjeFVVVlVKRGFzZFVUTmxFY014MlRyTUVOVzEwYUpOR05xdFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeebangla.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla
http://?d1ZIVG9Kak5qOVdlUzlpTTNsVGU0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeEJITll0MGNDTjFiMFpsUjB3bWFxSldNeXBsYXVCbmMxbFZiVlZGZHFSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHeEdiczkwWTQwR2FoNVVjeEpGUjJwWFIwY2tNdzFXZTFFVVpEcDJhV05tYmt4RWVzQkZPRDltTnFKSFZGaG1aeFFqYU9GelZEaGtVNXAyTktKak5uRlhjdlpFZHdObmIxdEVOcklVVnFCbmRqUmpRSnBHZFZoM1JQZDJjMDh5VUgxVVdycDFkNVpWVHZzR01PSlZPellsYUtwblZLNW1NbzVVUkRabU1NOVdXaEJqWjZ0V2I0RkhScEp6VndKelN1NUdNVmxtVm5sMlRvQlRlbmhrTWlsSFUwOVVRMHBYVkVsbmR6OWlOaHRDYXhZR1JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/j6nIdklOX39.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla
http://?PWNYZVRWak1NbG1jbXRHV29KWE5xWlRNS2RtTnh0R2M2Um5WSXR5YTRSalRZdFdRemxVVzVOVVV0Um5SS3BVVzNna2R0WjJjQzkwTXRoR1J0Wm5leE1YVXpCbk01azFaSFJXYkdwVWR6VkZSeVJqY3BkV1J1MUdOdUJqZDJKM1VtVkRjc2hETU9SWGNXaG1NNGdtWjRRVGJ5WVhNemtWZTBaMFNObDFVWlJuYUxkbFd2b25jWWQyTWl0aVF3NTBLeGtGV1RoR2NaRmtWc2huZElSVWExUTFSdlpUZUMxMFoyb0hjaGxUVEs5U2VKMTBLbGh6VnhGbk0xVVdlNWRtTVpwME0wb0VhT3BHYXFOWE0ybFVSU1JYUTZKSGJUbEhUd1lUYm5sM1J5aFdV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/403/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_832127001584856796.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZZFdURlpWYmg5U2J6MFdaSVJIWndaWFJscEZVb2wyYjVrR2RuaGtid2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU5Wbk1sTldNWGxYY1FoME1LdGtkdFJXTjZKSE0ybG1SRmxWTkRGa2J4OUdWeXBYZXZsR1YxUUdiNHNHTk9sbmJ5dFdibkZXVm9GMll1QkRiVE5YVXlJWE5xdEVVQ3AxYjBWamFYTldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeebanglacinema.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?PW9YZE1obU0yTTJjNUoxTHljWE96aG5iRmRETU5aWGV1WkdNWEZuYzBnMVN6SjBVblJuVkdSRGJxaG5ZeEluV3E1bWF5VlhXdFZWVnNwR05NQjNhNVluVEZoWFpzWkVjc3gyVGpoVGJ1Rm1UeEZuVUVsbmVGUnpSeUFYZDVWVFFsTmthb1pGVktOM2ExVW5ScmRXVU5WRmVJUnpTMDlXYzVKR2RHVm1jbjFXWU54MFRZUmpkeGhEWnBKemEwNVVTTVoyTGpkbk5CdDJhdHBIY3pJWFYyRlVWemQxWjNzV1RFQm5kM0kzY0JWWGNsSlhabnRVZXJGWFVySlROSmRXWnhWMmRQQm5lNU1XTnVKVFo0cGthdmtXVXlZM2JPOXlMd29tZUNCbk1zTlZZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/fU2HFXtrX7d.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?NmwzVTFJRFRwaG1acmhGYXlWamQyRWpTblpUY3NCbmUwWkZTcm9IZTA0RVdyRmthSmxWZURGVmJ2WmtTS2wxTklobWJSUjBRRXRVYkVsbldzRm1WclYwY3pVRVQ1UjNjNmhXYXJGbGNqOVVRbzVVVXhOSFY0UTNOelUzU2xsWGNreFdlM3BrTjNvV09uRlZWd0YyVlR4bWVoZFhkNW9XYW1oV053WVZZNDlrVjNjMmEzTW5kbFIxTVJGV2JJWlhhdlptUm5salJuZFZRS2xIUzJRaldIWmtheWttTlRoVFM2ZHpSQmxtVE1CSFptTjBZcWRqYlVwbVE1NG1adlpFVUI5MFZHVm5OT2hGVk9kbGJvQjNSVmRuV3JkVVExVURiSmhYUndvVmJ2WVZiakZsYUtOM2RuTkVaTWxUTVNCbmNWRkRiemMxYW9KVlRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/645/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_976761001584535241.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla HD
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZTlhURlpWYmg5aWV6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJscEZVb2wzYjVrR2RuaDBid2sxY2haamF3NUdNMzVVUU41bU1sTldNWGxIY1FoME1LdGtkcVJXTjZKSE0yZG5SRmxWTm9kRGR0ZDNWM0lrV25WbFlKbEZVck5YYXhNVmNucGxjdDFVYTFVbmJ3SnpLcjBrVDNZM2IybGtaa05YYlVoMmF6VlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zeeentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/biskope.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Biskope
http://?eFZIVG9Kak5qOVdlUzlpTTNsamE0NVdSM0FUVDZsbmJtQnpWeEpITll0MGNDTmxkMFpsUjB3bWFvSldNeXBsYXVCbmMxbFZiVlZGY3FSRFR3dFdPdzVVUjRWR2JHWkhiczkwWTQwbWVoNVVjeEpGUndwWFIwY2tNd3BYZTFFVVpEcEdiV1JXTXVObFMzbGtUNVFIYjVsV1RXaGtXc0psYndSWE40Y2tUeFp6Y0lsak1TWkhaemR6S05oRWVVbFZZWHRrVjVWSFpIZGpaM0VIYTNNbllYMUdiMEoyWTFNMmFvTkdSMlJXWnpjMlZ1bEVUbnQwWlVaWFJ3UmpXM0pIVjUxVVNGTm5iS0JUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zeeentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Zee-Bollywood-1.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Bollywood
http://?MlZIVG9Kak5qOVdlUzlpTTNsRGU0NVdSM0FUVHBsbmJtQnpWeGxHTll0MGNDTlZiMFpsUjB3bWExSldNeXBsYXV0bWMxbFZiVlZWY3FSRFR3dFdPNjVVUjRWR2JHVkhiczkwWTQwR2RoNVVjeEpGUjNwWFIwY2tNd3BYZTFFVVpEcG1lV1JGVDNSamQ0SlZhVWx6VllGblE1SUdja2xEZFNwbmQySUhhbnBYVUNWMlloaEhOMUlUWWhKMGMxWjNWR05HY3JsVVNrWjNaMlpuWkk5R08zVmxiTkYxY2lOSFU2NUdPcXBrUjBCSE1hRmpaQ3gwZDZKM2I0aERhdTltZXNwSFN5aFhWMThXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/cfUYiikqmD3.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Bollywood
http://?PVVYZVRWak1NbFdlbXRHV29KWE4zWlRNS2RtTnhaSGM2Um5WSXRpYzRSalRZdFdRMGxVVzVOVVV0Rm5SS3BVVzNnMFpzTlVSaWRFWjRWVlFxUkdNeUFYV0doWFdQZG1jNGhEVUhOVWMyOW1kTVpEV1JSbld2TWtkNElqZTVsbmJLbGpSbzlpUTA5MllGaDJMemwxTVZGSGQzOW1XSkYzWnNKamVrOWtNU2htVFNsbVZSTkRhQmxtVnlnSFYzTjJNMElHVHlwR2RPVldlengwY3BObFNSRkdjM2xGVDBvMFZ2bEdSRmgyTno5U2FtVkRjSmxqUnU1VVNYVlRWMFYzU0lObmRNaDBjMjAwVTVvVlEyTmpNeEVuZEhSM0syb2tOTlowYzJZR092RmtN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/05.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Café HD
http://?MVZIVG9Kak5qWlhlUzlpTTNsamQ0NVdSM0FUVHdsbmJtQnpWeFJITll0MGNDTmxiMFpsUjB3bWE1SldNeXBsYXVObmMxbFZiVlZWZXFSRFR3dFdPcjVVUjRWR2JHbEdiczkwWTQwbWVoNVVjeEpGUm9wWFIwY2tNd3RXZTFFVVpEcDJkV1JsVXpaMlR4MVdlaE4zTVZwblVwWjJOWVpYYXFWSFdycEdPcFIxZGt4RU1waEdOVXRXWXhGVmNubDBVRGRYVm94a2NCVldRejVtZUtkWE1ETnpiRFJIYXRwRlNyaFRkNTRXY0xsbVp6SkRVUDkwYVN0bWR3TldjblZUZHRsVlJMNVdaUWRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/354/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_838825001584856836.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Cinema
http://?emRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaEVld2sxY2haamExNUdNMzVVUU5WSE12VVVSaEoxYmhWekxsbFVZdEYxTnZOelU1OEdhckVUZGFKbmN4Y21aTVZGU3hOR1NVcEhNdlEzTVhObFNxbDNiTEp6VjRNMmJvaEdhd1FVWWkxbVYxWlZha0YwWlo5eVNQRlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeecinema.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Cinema
http://?blZIVG9Kak5qQlhlUzlpTTNsVGU0NVdSM0FUVHZsbmJtQnpWeHRHTll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWF6SldNeXBsYXVwbmMxbFZiVlZWZXFSRFR3dFdPdzVVUjRWR2JHcEhiczkwWTQwR2VoNVVjeEpGUnpwWFIwY2tNd2xXZTFFVVpEcDJaV1IyVFcxR052eEdUQzEyS3Zjbk5XSjNjSjlHZXJFbFlqTjBhdlJtYUxKak15RTNidWQyWVFwM2RITmtNNDAwWXRGVGVTNVVTeDRHUzNoMkxDWm1jaWxEWjRoMks1bDBRNUltWjV4MmJrRkZkRGREZFlGV1pKWjJSd2QyYzJRbGMzd0dja0pUWXpFM2FCcFVaa1YyUXVWV2F5QjNReWtHWkNwV2ROMTBkT3RTYUNkVmNvUlhXMElVVnpKM2RpOUdVMFFsZDVCekxSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/SJT2p0fTxAJ.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Cinema
http://?PWNXZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE52WlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2Um5WSXRpYjRSalRZdFdRdWxVVzVOVVV0bG1SS3BVVzNnMGJ0TkRhdFJWZDFkSFRJaGtTMU5YVGw1V1RxQmpjd1JITTQ0V2MyWm5RQ0owVHhObmEzNG1jWDVXYjBRWE9TOVdXMmwyYkZKbGN2TVhPUzVHVFNsVGJSZGxjSHQwYzFoRVpyODJjbDVHUjFRRFdVMVViV3gyYndVME14aFVkenNXWnlsWGN3TmxlMFFuZW9Kalk0TUVPdWQwTGFwblN4MW1UUE5XY2tSa2M2UlVPR3AwUzR4MlZhWlVRS3BXZEdaVFYxRmplUVpUT2hWRloxbGxkMFFIT2t0R1MzZFhPWXQwZHNka1FGTjBV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeecinema.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Cinema HD
http://?blZIVG9Kak5qNVdlUzlpTTNsRGE0NVdSM0FUVHRsbmJtQnpWeGxHTll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWF0SldNeXBsYXVKbmMxbFZiVlZsZHFSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHNUdiczkwWTQwR2NoNVVjeEpGUnNwWFIwY2tNd05YZTFFVVpEcG1iV0YxU3ZJbmQ2SjNURU5tU3dsM0xvZFZjWEptZDN3a05YSjNVcDlHV1FkVVJoNTJjSk5YY2FObWVMZDJLRlJHYnVsWFFCSm1UT04zVVFWbk1hZEdiWHRVUzNobmEzUmxWdEZFV1d4R2IySjJRNUFsZHZOSGNNaFZVMFJIZTZGMlIzZDJZNVVWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AATXAJzHbboGzA2e0z_qp-u1GOztxtR06EMAtoA0oe7z4A=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Cinemalu
http://?PVVYZE1obU0yTW1iNUoxTHljWE94aG5iRmRETU5kWGV1WkdNWEZIZDBnMVN6SjBVblJuVkdSRGJxMW1ZeEluV3E1MmF5VlhXdFZWVjVwR05NQjNhNUFuVEZoWFpzWmtjc3gyVGpoVGIxRm1UeEZuVUVKbmVGUnpSeUFuZDVWVFFsTmthMVpWWlpkVVd3aG1lME4yTG5WV2RwZEVhSUowSzFkSGNwZFdSdVJITXNWMlZKaG1ieFpIT25SV1lwbEVUaHRFZGp4bWRtTmpVQ2QwZDB3MmFydFdPMUpETnZjWGNrMW1VWmR6U3BKRmMxd0ViVEpHTzNKRk4wVm1lT3RXVllGV2NRWlhhUjlrTlQxa1VyVlhiUFpuY1NSM1Y2ZFdTWkoxYzFnRFpKbERk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/b/b3/Zeeclassic_new.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20171015192851" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Classic
http://?cVZIVG9Kak5qcFdlUzlpTTNsRGI0NVdSM0FUVDBsbmJtQnpWeGRITll0MGNDTkZjMFpsUjB3bWF1SldNeXBsYXVObmMxbFZiVlZWYnFSRFR3dFdPdTVVUjRWR2JHNUdiczkwWTQwbWFoNVVjeEpGUjRwWFIwY2tNdzlXZTFFVVpEcFdlV0ZtVENWalJ4aGxVQ2RVTktoMmFhaFVXeDBVYTVkbWRyQWpUNjVHTzBVSE1MbG1ZRlpqTnpkVmJ6SlhNamRYUTROMWNRTjNaTU5YT2xORFozWVZiWE5FU0NGMFMydDJLU2RWT2twbmJwZFROdmRFYmpaa2JUQlRhd1JYTmFGMGFGeFdSU1ZUUjVoVWI2eG1jNDRHZDZaWFV4WTJTcDEyUm5sbWRwZEhlb0pFYk10aWV6aFdTQ3BIVXdJSE1DSlZZV0JUZTE1MlkzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/01.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee ETC Bollywood
http://?NFZIVG9Kak5qbFhlUzlpTTNsVGU0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeEpITll0MGNDTjFhMFpsUjB3bWF0SldNeXBsYXVabmMxbFZiVlZWY3FSRFR3dFdPMTVVUjRWR2JHcEhiczkwWTQwMmFoNVVjeEpGUnFwWFIwY2tNd1pYZTFFVVpEcFdhV0YxYTBoV1l5VkhPMW9XVEJkV1lyOXlhRHRXZExobmRxcEhONWhYWW5OV2M0TW5hWjVrYjNVWGRzTlVaeXAwTndsM1JZWkhiQ2RXWXNKbWN0bFVlNDhrVzBjRGJueDBhM0VYV1psV1czSm1kSTlpZUl4V1RGZEhkNlYzZDBRbWN5ODJaTVZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/24/Zee_news.svg/1200px-Zee_news.svg.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Zee News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/7/7b/Zee_Sarthak_new.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20200807173102" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Sarthak
http://?dVZIVG9Kak5qcFdlUzlpTTNsVGQ0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeEpITll0MGNDTlZiMFpsUjB3bWFySldNeXBsYXVwbmMxbFZiVlZsYnFSRFR3dFdPcDVVUjRWR2JHdEdiczkwWTQwR2FoNVVjeEpGUnRwWFIwY2tNd2hXZTFFVVpEcFdjV2xWTnVGbVp6WjFWd3gwYkxKSFJoVkRVaGxGYTFabFFZTm1ZdEJIU1lSMGFRdFdiSmhXTkdwbGV5aDBkV1oxTjI5aVZGcDBTb0puYWt4a2J1SjJjaGhuVTBOWFduOVNRelJUVXJjV2R6aEdaQ1pEZFRoRFo2aDNaekIxVURWMWQ0Z25kNU1YUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/58/logo/115x115/channel_logo_210245001481302450.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee TV
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZMVdURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJscEZVb2wyYjVrR2RuaGthd2sxY2haamF2NUdNMzVVUU5wR01vQkRSS1JXZHpkellqUm1adWhuWVRaV2F2Z1hjTU5tUjBKSGFubEZSMTlDVTAxR2F5TVVVT2RYYzVremNwUldjbTVrVHBsVFEzSm1UeUZsU3Z0bU13bHpMUGhtZHpsM1lOUlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeetv.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee TV
http://?cVZIVG9Kak5qMVdlUzlpTTNsamU0NVdSM0FUVHlsbmJtQnpWeFJITll0MGNDTjFkMFpsUjB3bWFzSldNeXBsYXVobmMxbFZiVlZsYnFSRFR3dFdPczVVUjRWR2JHcEdiczkwWTQwR2FoNVVjeEpGUnBwWFIwY2tNd2hYZTFFVVpEcG1kV05WTUlsV1J0cEZSWTlHVVA1MkttdGtjS1pEZHpwMksyVUdlNjlHU3BaMmQzMEdkRXBIVmtoMGF5OTJTRFZGUnlSblJCRmtNMHQyVERORld4Y0VheWRtWm9aMVM1Wm5iVGQzTDBvMlJ6Z0RPS1pUYjJsSGIzUW5SdzlFT21oa1JrWm5lbk5uYXVkV2J6RTBLb1pFTXlCSE1GZEhTcE5IYjNKa2IyY25lQzFXVHFoRGR6TlZRWE5WTnhnWGVzcDJLSEYwY25wRVdSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/5jV3f9QxcHs.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee TV
http://?emwzVTFJRFRwNW1acmhGYXlWVGQyRWpTblpUYzVCbmUwWkZTcmtHZTA0RVdyRlVlSmxWZURGVmI2WmtTS2wxTklsV2JuSlhlV0ozY2p0MmRITm1hNmhqTU5KRWNJMTJaNE4xUnhsbmJDZEVaekptZDZOVGF2TlZjbzFHVDJsRk4xSTNjdllIZUpwRVIybFhZa0p6YWpWM2J5WWtWdGRFYzFra2QzeGthelZ6VVJwV1Q1bEdiWTFXZUlGR2N4bDFjWTltYzBkMVlhOUNTdzRHZTJZRVdTaHpidzgyTGhKM1Z6SlhWeGNrWmp4R1VDbFRjVngyYUdaemJKZFRXeHgyYXNKSFI0dDJLaGxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/644/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_408712001584535267.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee TV HD
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZMVdURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJscEZVbzUyYjVrR2RuaEVid2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU5sbU1UcFdZQlpXZTNaSFdFTmxTb2hqUTJabFU1OG1lS2RHZEJ4MmI2dDBZNlJXU3poV1ZSbDBkMVFYZXVwMUsxMGthMlIwTDNoSFV0OUNiTmgxUjJ3R2F6NDJRMnRHZG1GVE5EQlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1afZq9TFqwc/maxresdefault.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee TV HD
http://?dlZIVG9Kak5qSlhlUzlpTTNsRGM0NVdSM0FUVDRsbmJtQnpWeHhHTll0MGNDTmxkMFpsUjB3bWEwSldNeXBsYXVGbmNOTmtlcmgyYkJkbVY0RldhdTVXYTE4U1c1VkhVVVZHTXdObWVKUlhNemxWTzFKblJ3c3lRRHhXYUNWRWNqWkRjc2QxTmo5MlN1cDNUQkpqWW4xV2JScDFNWEp6YnJnbGJrVjJic2RWTXFSV1Z6bzJTa0ZIVlZKbWNxbDNLcjRHU3ExME01Y1VkNDVtVFZWVE9IUkZlUjVHTUI1MlZuaDNWR2REYnpsV1d3azJidGgzYTM4bVp2TWxNelZUUzR0U1lrbFdZWnhHT3NCVGJCZGpUb3RrUnZSM01ZUlROV2hXU3pwRlpacFdjNGxWY3ZSa1R4MWtlNVZXWnloSE56ZFZVUGxWZVhaMVVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/zee-yuva-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Yuva
http://?dVZIVG9Kak5qTlhlUzlpTTNsRGM0NVdSM0FUVDZsbmJtQnpWeGhITll0MGNDTjFhMFpsUjB3bWF3SldNeXBsYXVobWMxbFZiVlZWYXFSRFR3dFdPbjVVUjRWR2JHcEdiczkwWTQwR2JoNVVjeEpGUndwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcFdlV0ZHYnBGMlVuWkVlMUpuVHhCWGVscEdlM1VuY3BwWFJOZFdhekZsUW1CSGRtUkhiSVZYU2pKV2V5bzNieGdVYXpwbFpwWjFLeE0zWVhoamFQMWtjaUpqYWp4a1EwaFZlcFpFZXc5bU4yUTFZS0ZWY3BsMWNXaG5aMFozWjJBM1NLbDNhTlJrYXRGVWFyRW1OMmRuYW4xV2NucEdWSWxtUVJaMGIxZGpkdVZ6VVBoMmMyMVVTaTlFYmsxV1JrZEVScXBYY3l0bWVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeebangla.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ZEE-BANGLA
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbDJhbXRHV29KWE56WlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2UjNVUUZGYkxaV2E0SUVab3AxTGhObE5uTjNMNmgzUkpWa2I2QjFkQlptWTBOSGJRQjFadjltVEhkSE5hbG5kamwwTHZGbmJ1cDNkS1IwU3hrM2R3bERTRkJGYXJjM1NHeGtVdEZ6VnJsMFIzVlhiSmhUU090eWEzZFVUd3QyUnpGRmVxbG5ieEYzWVNoRWJLTkVkM2xIZE05MlMwbFdiSVZYZVE1bWFQMW1UczFVZDNGMFl4OUdSeWxXVzExVWRYaFhXeWhuUnlnamF6RlZSVWREYnpsVlVrUkVhWHhtVDBjM1FFOXlaekVYTUVoVFF6aFdkcmtrY2loR2E1ZzNUdndFYW9oMk1WRkZN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/SJT2p0fTxAJ.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", ZEE-CINEMA
http://?PThXZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE54WlRNS2RtTnhoR2M2UjNVUUYxWkxaV2E0SUVaNXAxTGhObE5uMTJMNmgzUkpWVWQzNW1aUFJVZXhaelQycG5WelpYTVlGVVdhcEhkVEZWYnA1a1c0WkZWMzUyWURKSGJsWmphMlFsZFRoVE5sWmpSNFpuTWE1MlF3OFdNNU5XVUNORWFFaFVZcWxYVXlSalUwOFVhMmdtUlBOMVY2RkdheVlVUnRwMkw2TjFSbFoxUm9kSGJpbG1jT0pEZXpWMVZwRm1WdFJYTm1KelI1aFhiRWRUYXdjR2VTMVVOcGhHUnB0eVZDVmpSU2RXY3pBbGFIRm1heTFHUlhsa2IxdHliSUJsU0M5bVU0QmplQkpYZHZaVVFzMWtW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/b/b3/Zeeclassic_new.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20171015192851" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", ZEE-CLASSIC
http://?PThXZVRWak1NbEdhbXRHV29KWE42WlRNS2RtTnh4R2M2UjNVUUZsY0xaV2E0SUVaNHAxTGhObE5uZDNMNmgzUkpWMGE0ZDFRaWwzYXdKblNwWmthNDRXVnZkM0syRW5kcjgwYUhOVWUxRlRhbHgwTFFkWGR1dGtjQk4xYmlKbFNzcFZWc2xYWXp0VU41ZDNhb2xGUjBwMmM0dGtiWWxqVHNWMVJvTkdjemNuZHRsbVc1RUViQ2QzYWlGalNybEVVUFZYY29sR1ZHSjJNQlJGZDFJRWJ0VmticVpVV1VsM0t2MFdaWE4yUzN3R2NyMFdkMkVVUzNGM1R4WUVPV04zS1gxbU52eGtleFEyZE9sbFJ4VmxSaVJtZW1GM053RW5ONUYyWkhOMVJyTjBZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeetv.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", ZEE-TV
http://?cWwzVTFJRFRweG1acmhGYXlWVGIyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwTkZVUlozU21sR09DUjJkYTlTWVRaelp3OWllNGRVU0ZSM2RUSm5jMUYwZGh0bVRVQmpldXRVTVdSbFpJbG1lbUZVY29Ka2JrTlZXMDRHZHRSVFVQcEhkdmczS2xoM05PZDJjQ1IzU3dRelMzbEdPMkJGYjV4bVQwa1dPNU1tYnBOV1dpWkRiNUZVZTZaRGNPRlhkSTFVV3ZGWGRQUlhiMlpWVDNSelVDdDJhSngyWXlOalcyNGtkelJuVWlOR2NvQlRNbEpXVXFkblJMZFRaT2R6ZG5aVWVocDFSeWxHV1h0VWFRZG1RRHRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/391/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_768627001557730377.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zing
http://?c2RrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWnFaWFJscEZVb1ozYjVrR2RuaFVjd2sxY2haamF2NUdNMzVVUU5wSE1GcGxaQ1JYZDJGRU1RVlRVNlYzTEdKM1lWcG1ZRHhtVEpsSGFCRmphamRUTnVsRVJDdGlaWXBuZFpsa2RXWkVjRXhrY0gxVVl5eDJVM0UzYjJvSGVZSlVabUJqZG1KbmVDMVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1031870066504003584/rs8Z6JhY.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zing
http://?eVZIVG9Kak5qOVdlUzlpTTNsemE0NVdSM0FUVDJsbmJtQnpWeHRHTll0MGNDTmxkMFpsUjB3bWF6SldNeXBsYXU1bWMxbFZiVlZGZXFSRFR3dFdPNTVVUjRWR2JHUkhiczkwWTQwbWJoNVVjeEpGUnJwWFIwY2tNd2xXZTFFVVpEcG1kV1pXUm1aR2V2MTBWVWRETlBkWFJ5Um5jV0pVYWExbU5PcDFMMEYwUlJkRlIxcDJUTFpWYjJjRWQzQlhSTnBIZDBwbWM0TXpZVnRHVVFaRWVWdDBhNGMwUUVkV1F2VlVjc3RHUnZsbmRIQlRVQjVXYm9kSFVYSldhcjEyS0dOak5NcEhPa2xVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zoomtv.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", ZOOM
http://?d2wzVTFJRFRwZG5acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3hCbmUwZDFNNTlHTzNFVFV6OEdjaWxWVE10eWEzVmpWekVUYXhjbk13Z2pNck5GYVp4R1NLaEVkNFZFZFZCM2R3RlhOSkozVlk1VWVLNW1VMlVFUnFCelNMSlRRNVJuZDFWblIwa2pjRlYyYmxObVF1aGtONWQyUXhGM1pRbFZVdXRDZUJOVU1xdDJWeFZtWkZkVlZKVkhabnBXZXJ0bWRSaFVWbjVrZHlGM2JsWkhjeGQzSzNCMU40TTNkS0ZHT3pKVVZvRm5Rem9XVXloM2RyTkZUNEZsY01OR1Q1UkRTelJ6YlRKMWRvcDNad1ZWUA==
