#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/xybsni9y3qD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [001] Channel I
http://?PW9YZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTnhsR2M2UkhXVlJFZUNCVFN3bzFhcDlVVDBVamNKaDNaMFkxTFhKVmV4Z25WeHcwWjNSMFlaRjJUdmtYYktObVZxTlVjYWRFWjQwMGR4QlZRcTkyTVN4R1ZDdFdPTHQwWnA5aVZVbFVTeFZuYzFzU1dtcEdieEZHWmhKSGRDbGtScUZETjB0bWVXdFVTVmgyVjBRVmJRUlZlMWdsZU5abmVuWjNhTnhHT3MxMlNSVmtXQ0ZtYnpsa2VqSmpZcVJrTUxSWFJtWm5VcWgzTHhGemJqWmpkdVZIT3NGWGVZTlhRMjkyYTA4eUx3azNiU0psVWlkbVozSmplbWxqUTJZblZ3aFhWNGwzWnY1R1pxOWlZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/IhHZaZ5dVqH.png" group-title="DISH TV", [002] NTV
http://?PT1nZTVOVk55d1VhMFoyYVlobWMxNG1OeG8wWjJFWGR3cEhkU1YyUW9GMGRoQjNUenNtUTBvV2FhbEViaDVHUnI5V04yWnpiR2hrTnlobVRxTm5VVjUyYkNsaldZZFRlb1owS3RoVE56NDJSUXRtU1dkRWJQdHlSNmRrUnU5V2J4bEZSMmRHUzJjMVkwaGpjdDVtZFJCMWMzTlZlMmNVU014bWQyQTFRUFJVYU5kalVKbEdUNkpEY09SVk9rbDJOdmtXU3ZFa2RCOUNXcXhFUnRkR2FzVjJTVEJITkxOVmJuRkVkclozVFJkWFVwMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/yvvEywo6J8F.png" group-title="DISH TV", [003] RTV
http://?PT1BZDVOVk55d1VheFoyYVlobWMxb21OeG8wWjJFbmV3cEhkWFptYTNOVk15bDJVbWhtTllOamRHVm1lem9IYkJsSFJ3SmxlMGdFZXFCM1YwSmtZMUUxYWxoVlp3NUdUNVIxS3hFbFNKSjNNeGdXWUxSV2RxbG5kQ05EUzF4MFRKVnpTc3BYTzFCSFRHZFZjd2tWUzFvVlRuSjNRa2wzVnJ3V1UwYzNLUk5EYTV3R05IMTJNc0pXZTZoVU8wcG1TdmdsVDFvbWNtZHpUUzltVTBwRmJPNW1STnAyWW9wVVZSVjFhMVZsVndkVlEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/vDXLuLBXf6J.png" group-title="DISH TV", [004] MY TV
http://?MWwzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWVGQyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwbFZPQjVXY0JOVlRRbFhiTGxUTjNObk0yaEhjM1FsV1N0R09QQjNjWkprZTJaRmFMaFVPczVtTlI5V1NZZEdlR1JEV0RsVmJVRmtXR2gyUnV0R2FTaEdOb3htWm90a1VpOVdhTUJGTUtsVU1vWkdjVmhUVjRNSGN4OGtiMWtEYTVvVlRVZFZhMDUwU2t0Q1pLOVdieDgyS29samIxMTBhV1ZVTTBCVFpHeGtTSDVXV1A5a1JyY1ZjTmgzUzA5Mk0xTjFNdjRHTXFGM2JrTlRUSGgxYjFnRFd3MTJUM2xVWW45VWR1bEdVTlZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/raiZvB8y1Nv.png" group-title="DISH TV", [005] Bangla Vision
http://?PWNXZVRWak1NbFdhbXRHV29KWE4zWlRNS2RtTng5R2M2UlhXM1JHYzA0MGRvbFhaMWRGTmFKM1F3VlhNQ1p6TFlabGRTTm1TcnBrVng5Q09UZGtkM3QyUUxaR2N4VVhhYXBYT21WMlU0aERTckUwU3psV1lzQlZkNWdIZG9oVE5aWkZWeWxEYVlSelF4ZzNNaDEyTk45eWJ2ZFZONjFHVTY1V1pzdDJjMjQyUjFNMVN4OEdjVlZXVFNkVlJ2WkdSeXBuVUxOblVIbFdPaHAzZDVza2VTbERXbkpsV1RKalE1WW5jdm9IUkhaemRKTjJWdUJYV3pWMGN2QkZWcmtIZE10V1lGUmtieEJ6YTZkbWFxQkRjSkJsYjJoMlZVWldXS1YwZEMxVWQwMDJL
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/ZCqILa0u7vD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [006] ATN Bangla
http://?PTBXZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTnhWSGM2Um5aU1oyYnBoMWR4NVdPdXRpTWhSSGV2bDJNYVJXWXhORGN4WmpSNWhWT3dCWFFHUm1ZcFZYY2xWemI1SjFkVnRTYXlwMGRwUjJZWWhEVDJvSE5UUkZNMG8wYXdZamE1TkhWdTlVTW1aRE1MSm5hUlpWVXlNVWRoTlRlRU5XTnl4a2R5TTBjUFpYYllOVGRIaEVkeVVHZU5sVlN1Sm5Ud3N5UXQxR1RsdDJWVkIxYXNaM01CQmxVdTlTVzRNWGNrcFhPdmNXZGg5MmRsQkhlTEJUVzFkR2VhdDJLQ1pIYnlzU1M0SW5kbGx6ZGtsa1E2Qm5ZVVJYYzJoWE9sZFhUSzVFZEtwRmJHSkhV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="DISH TV", [007] Sangsad TV
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbG1jbXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTnhoR2M2UlhXUHRXYTVjMlpqWldWMGQyS3dNWGVOTlhRRnhVY0VObmRySTNVeGxsVjJkRE1JSlVZNDAyVkhCak5MSldiblJFWnhnRGIwVkhUNElXVllkWFk0QUZUVnAxYVo5R01pSjFTclIzSzVsRWNKSlhkeVVHTUpkemJvZEZNaTlXZHBoRk5ZaEdNNVkzTFd0V1VUTkdlMGRuZTRRbGM0MUdSUEZrUXFoWE82TjJkVHAyYlFKVE9ITmtNeFZsTXFORE16VTNZMVZ6S0Q5V2VQNWtZa3BYUXU1RU1JSjJLMThXUjZsMWFTSm5iMGwwY0xCVGN1VlZPbk5YVzJrblQ1TlZTRVpsY2lGVFoxcEdU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/ipgVRU2qhw3.png" group-title="DISH TV", [008] Somoy TV
http://?MmwzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWVGUyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwbDFUcmhXT25kMlltVkZibnRDTXpsWFQyRlVSTUZIUnpCWE9vdEdTcHBrYkxoVFlNbEVWcHhXVmpORlJGdDJRM0FUWnZVVmRybFRhTGhETXFwWGNIZEVOMmhuTUhSRloxRjNielJGTUpOSFU2TldVTEpuYXBwbmFuZFdjQkZIZHpZMFlabFVOeVpWVEh4RWJGaFhONGhtTmlKR2Iwb2tTdjlHWnZwMkxzbDNRUlIzVXJoWFJ5WVhlMHhHVmxwblVybEZkdWgxYmFaM1JRaFZOVDl5YXJoek1POVVNNVJYYU5WWE5FVm5ZdmdUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Dh0neKDKLrs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [009] Channel 24
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE5wWlRNS2RtTnhKSGM2UlhaM1VUZVVsVmF6Y1djdmxVTXd3RVU2aDJMUWhIT1FaMFoycG5RdUpWWnJCSFNTWjJhTnBHZXZOalYwRkRjUXRHVFNoVVp0Wm5Xc2xFY0JoR2Q0RVZOclpIYzQ4U1pEWkhXMDVVZXpzU1JhMUdTNGtYZGlKMWQwQkZXeHBrZTFOVlpRVjNhdU5uUzNsbGN3VVZjT2htZXpWa1I1RkRXS3RtTktCM1FrZDJMMXhtYzBzU1F6aERPMXRHTkNsa1F3UjNaeVlIUlBGbWJONWtjTEZuTnVSV1J1SkdjTlJuZWhSSE9QaFRiVEJYV1RKM1I1TjFMTlpEZUxsM1NrRkRVQ3RFYnJ0V2NOVlRP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Z644RVrdngp.png" group-title="DISH TV", [010] News 24 HD
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbG1kbXRHV29KWE53WlRNS2RtTnhOSGM2UjNVT1ZqYlVwR1JyUjBUd2QzTlloM1pvdEdlbVZUWUlaMWNYQm5ZNXBHVDQ5eVU1UW1NbmgyUXhaVlJXNW1ha1JYWkxoV014SlZjcDlTUWlKM1Z0VmpUcFIxZFZkWE9xTldOdUpFV1ZSRFZYUlhWQ3QwU3hSa2N3bEVTWFpuY25GalYwWnpOb2xuYXFOMFRNUjBaV05YYTJ4bVlzcDBSNmh6WlZCbmIwSW5icFozYnlVWFFMbHpWNGhVVHNCSE9UNTJWaFpYWVZabmNJRkhSeWgwYjZ4VVMzSVVkeEpuYjRkVk12RkhhSFZrV3g0a1FwRm5SUjltUVY1bWJYQkhNUUp6YXBsVE5NaDBS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/639iTnh90UR.png" group-title="DISH TV", [011] Independent TV
http://?PTBXZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE4zWlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2UjNWVU4xYWw5bVRMRlZZdlYzZDJJWGJhcFhlM1ZEV0RKRWRyZ2tWUHhHUm5ORE9rVmpaV04zU1JsMFFCZHpjTDFXVXNCRmN1bEdjRVJsZXJSSFdONVdkc1JVYXZGall5UVVjdTVrVXRsSFNMNUdTU2xHYTZKMWNSaEZiWFJ6WXU5U1Q0VnpkU3gyS1E5MFVTOVdjMXRXVHpkbVd4bG1XdEpXWmtsbWMzUnpWdnNrYUNGblF6RlZkbkZXUnZjbVRwbFdOdmNYZEw1V2NHRlRNSFZqYnlSbmNXOW1WRnhtYXhKbld1bFRhTlZET01oMVZxbFRXbFZUT0xsMlNKcG1iVFpGY3VSMVlxaGxa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/1Y2Slm56uJ8.png" group-title="DISH TV", [012] Ekattor TV
http://?PW9YZVRWak1NbFdhbXRHV29KWE56WlRNS2RtTnhSSGM2UkhaNHhHZXgwMEwxa25Rc1JHZDJSVWVCcFdhMmNWYnFoMWJhQkRUSDFrTW5obVc2bGtkbmhtVDVJVFRrQnpaM2hHYnU5MFUxSm1Nd1ZsTmtsWFQ2SkdNdWRGYklOa2RaUkdUMkpHYzZwMk14VTNTRlJuTXprVGFtWmxib0ZUT3NGMmNtUjFaUTFXUXpwSE56eEdiNDhHYklWalI2dEVPU0ozVnJjV1ZIMTJSeHAzWkNKbE5hdG1jeUZEZDNWRVdyVkhjVXAyU3Baa2FLZERSeGhuUW5CbE1YMTBWNlJuUnNkRmRUeEdlWTFVWlRkM04wQjFLNlJFUjBNM1UyY1dPQnRDYUt0MmJ5ZGxa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Mq2jeWV007t.png" group-title="DISH TV", [013] Bongo Movies
http://?PU1YZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE55WlRNS2RtTnhaSGM2UlhXM1JHZDA0MGRvbFhaemRGTmFKM1F3eFdNQ1p6TFlabGVVOTJOMkV6UnlWMWQ0SjFTMjUyTW1OM1lTUkRiakpVUlJwVVVxSlhPSU5WTUNSSFRDWm1VeHNVY0lSamJQQm5ZeFpWTzBZR080QW5RenAwVG1KMWNuMUVjaEJsZTNCVFNHdGlXaXAyUUxOM1FxRkhhVEZsUk1SVFJxbEVaUmR6WVJwV2VSOVdiamxYYlRoalZXUldhckZIT3QxR1dZSm5XU3htU3JKV2NJWkZSWVYxTm94VVdqMVVOMDlXYkNsSFdQbEViT3hrVjVka1d3TkRhRGxuVVVOM1VKNUdPSEoxYjBVVlZNSjFi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/20mgRCbFLz5.png" group-title="DISH TV", [014] Boishakhi TV
http://?MWwzVTFJRFRwaG5acmhGYXlWRGQyRWpTblpUY3RCbmUwbDFka3hHTk9kSGE1VkdkWFJqV3lORWMzRmpRMjhDV1dCblUzWmtUM1lWY3lkemFpRkdicFpFUjBSR1dvZEdidmwzS2h0MlpqMTJVVHBrVnNKM0xuaFdlcnhHVm85MmI0UW5kRFZYWnc1a1pwZG5kalJuTXI5bVN6NVdTckUwYnlBRk0wRW1VeEpsY0dKWGJVdDJRVTFtVzJwbmNxZDFkNU5GYnZabGVEUnpUdzhtZTJnVE5XcFZjUFZVUnlkVmIxdEdaRFpuY0RKbmJ4Rm5kUE5uY0pGalRZUnpWeHRHZUtSbloyaEhjcmxtTTBJMGRFQkZXVnBYUnRObllJMUVkTEZuTXhSbVFLbG5kMlVuY3hja2Q1ZGxUM2R6UzV3bWMxcEVidlpVZXdKMUwzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/DJcpP2t4Mdp.png" group-title="DISH TV", [015] ATN Islamic TV
http://?PVVYZVRWak1NbEdhbXRHV29KWE52WlRNS2RtTnhkSGM2Um5aU1pHYnBoMWR4NVdPbnRpTWhSSGV2ZDNNYVJXWXhOamV4NTBjVk5YYnVkRFNMRmtOT2xtTUw1VVROTldhNVZrUW1KRFp0SlZVd00yYXJvR1V4RUhWcXBGZHpKR1UxSWxVdmhtYUZ4VU9FNVdPWmhUYks1bWRreG1VR2hXZTZoWE5rVjNaM0pYTjJSVWI1RTNjRGhUVnBaak56bHpiV0owUlVkR1JycEdad3RDY1lsRVNYNVVaNmxGTkJsbFpyMEdWTU5FWjVwRmV2VlRhd2xXVXo1bVdIUjBhdjhHZXpCblVRVnpjUzlTZDVNMU16SmpSU1JHZEpkSFJqRlZXblZUYTE4a2NVSlVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/um9o21i3T1E.png" group-title="DISH TV", [016] Gaan Bangla TV
http://?PTRXZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE5zWlRNS2RtTnhaSGM2UkhWU1JIYmlaRFZaRjJWbmhXU3ZaWFZ6dG1WSHBsTlp0V2J2UmxkSWQxU3VWelNGdEVaMFFIZHpKVVFYeDJhdkkwYWhkSFZ3VnpSR04wTHR4R1V5aHpaWUpsZXFkR2FwRm5kczFtVzF3RVp2ZEhNM0UzUUdsWGR6UnpWVHgyU3VkMWFCbEhNbWgzTExselJaaDNiRUpsYU9GVWJzZFRPdUZYVVhwbmFXTkRUdFZtY3dWVVNhZDNZeXBVU0xKMGFGbFdjbVJGV3BOemF3TlRlRU5GTXhka2VaOVVPa1ZuVTVkRlNZaDFjSEZuTnhZM1p2NVdhM0ZqWWhOSE9XOVVNU3BuYWtkWGU0UVZa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/6GxyIRO4P74.png" group-title="DISH TV", [017] DBC News
http://?PWNXZVRWak1NbDJjbXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTnh4R2M2UlhWWmxXYnRsbE5GWkZOMkZHVHFCMVUySTNUNUkyTkhKMVpIbFVTSkZHU3dabld3OTJTa0ozYXFKR1ZRbGpkU1YxTkNaa1d0RkVkc2xEZHZrWFdvRkhTaGQyZHlrWFRReG1NbmxFVlpsRGFySVhjMjEwS25GVmFpRjNMbHBIWjBsR2Q0OUVPeUIzWndnV1c0UWxhWmhEZEZKVWQyQmpNTWhtUTNnSGFzaERlS1ZFYUJWMVRzaFdRNGxtU0lKV05HSlhVekVWUmlOSGRJQm5XTUZIU3g1a2NOUnpaMEozWmFKbFVUWkdkNkZtVHVsVWU2SmxaR3hrYjFnR2ROTjNNdGRHZXk1a1FNWmtl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/H86bSTqPN6O.png" group-title="DISH TV", [018] ATN Music TV
http://?dGwzVTFJRFRwaG1acmhGYXlWemQyRWpTblpUY3BCbmUwWm1VbUpYYVlkWGN1bERicklUWTBoM2J3TmpXa0ZXY3pnR2N5eFdOc3BrYW5kVlRHNVdTdlowY0NkMmFyc0diNWtVYVJOM2ExVVRUM0lXTXFKamVrWlZPSTkyWnljak5oUkhidHRFZVV0R1czaERUYUoyUXFSWFUxOFNRSkJEYXFSekwwTlVSNEYySzNoSE1TUm5ldzBHV3lSM2IzVmxUcU5HWnZSVk5WZG5XcXBtYjRnVFNucDNhVTFrU0c5RWUydFVVMmNFYkloWFRuTm5NMkIxYWp0V2F3bzJTeGxqU0JKbld2OG1UdGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/hw62kGT7ZqJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [019] SATV
http://?NGwzVTFJRFRwRm5acmhGYXlWVGQyRWpTblpUY3NCbmUwRjJhaUIzWTZGM2RMcEVlMGhXVDFVMFMwTm5jaUJqYzFWblV6cDNVRmhXYmxwM1ZEVjFkdnBWVkhoblltbG5OMGdsY1dCMWR5RVRSelpVTnFSV1l5b0ZOR2huVFN4VWJ1WkVieFZIYnIwa2MzUm5jWWxGVDRNblNsQkRibHBVYWo5eWFMWkdkcmxqWXUxV1FhbG1UTDFFZXpnRGN3WW1ZTWgyWXlabGRUaGtlMnMyVTJoM040UXpiUmxWWnhvRWJ1bFVPbHBGTlRSM2J4QjNNUkZ6YW0xa2QwaFhab3AzTjBSMlp0bDNLaGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2c08GCMcP3z.png" group-title="DISH TV", [020] ATN News
http://?MWwzVTFJRFRwaG5acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUY3FCbmUwWm1VbWRYYVlkWGN1bERjcklUWTBoM2I0TmpXa0ZXY3pBM2JoWlRPRGRIYWFkMlREeDBRdFJGV3dvWFV4ZzNTSDlXVm5sMlpSWlVTMTQwTDNaMUxEaFVSeXdtV29WVFFRZHpha3BHUlVGVk90TmpXMHBIVTROWE1HZEdWVHBsYlloRFJyWTFhcU5FV3JaV1VGcDJTd056UXlVbmVPZEdWVVZuZW85V00wTUhSWTlHY2toSFVGcFZheVJtYlk5R1czQnpRVlZFZHlWWE14bHpMUFpXYUMxa1YzZHpicEYzUXExV1kzMDJTV0ZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="DISH TV", [021] Ananda TV
http://?emwzVTFJRFRwcG1acmhGYXlWamMyRWpTblpUY25CbmUwSjFLMXdXWVZKVllqZEdlTzEwYnU1VVZ0cDNMeFYxWTY1MlJZaEhkcjUwZDRaWFRtRlVlNUptVnBKRFV4cEhlaVpUVVhSbGNGZGpWM3gyYXV4VU5ydzBOMFFIVDBJVlptZEhhVnQyWUVwMlozOTJkbU5sVTFsM1RxZFhiUlZWYVFOVFVaWlhPbjVtZHJkVVp5aG5WSE5rV3Jja2V5UkZiakYxVXRsVVVUOTBjeDgyYkxOV2RQaEVkTXBsUXlNMk1wOVdOejhFV3lVM2NKbFhUWmxXZFRoRFJ3QlRheTlpTTRkamM2aFhXNVJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eRdA7FckAyD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [022] Nokshi TV
http://?PThXZVRWak1NbDJjbXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTng1R2M2UjNVT1ZUY1VwR1JyUjBUeGQzTlloM1pvZEdlbVZUWUlaRmVZUlRUdkpUY29CMVppRlZOdmcyWVRSVlpzNWtlUkJWTnJOV1UyZGpjc0ZEUnNkMk1LaHphMVlVYUpSM0xFdFNaMlZGV0hWbE1EUlhVU2RXVHdBVmM0WVhhdjhTZXFsRWFQdHlST3AzTFBOVVUybGxhWk5YY3BkM1Z6Vkdib2xtV0oxV1p5UkZPM0YzY3A1VU5hTm5NNlJWVXpnMVVrcEhjd2hFWlJORGVITmxZcHR5YzNaMEt2dHlMVnBuWXlkMlFTRm5hb3BYWnljblU2eEdSckVVUjZobVJ5RjBWa0ZEYjU1a2Eyc0dV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/73n4apmZhr6.png" group-title="DISH TV", [023] Akash AATH
http://?bmwzVTFJRFRwbG1acmhGYXlWVGMyRWpTblpUYzNCbmUwSjFLMW9XWVZKVllqZFdkTzEwYnU1VVZ5cDNMeFYxWTZGM1JCQnpNSUZHYnd3RU51cFVRcGxIVnZvMVY0QjNZQlZETWhKMWJMWkRjclZWYTYxVVYwZFVNcmRYY3k0RU0wVTFiRzl5UTJrSFVudDBNM1kzYjEwR2NHWkhPUTFFYnFsMEtYcGtkc1puZVdaamN2MTJkVHhHYk9KSGRNRjBZNWhqVnlWVVRhOUdheVpYZXJWMmJoTlRic1ZEVXgxRVc2UkdPNkZrVE8xR05UQlhkc2hYY1psalozazJUdFpXZTNrRU95TUhjNjFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/j6nIdklOX39.png" group-title="DISH TV", [024] Zee Bangla
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE51WlRNS2RtTnhGSGM2Um5WSXR5WjRSalRZdFdReGxVVzVOVVV0cG1SS3BVVzNna2V0WjJjQzkwTTJoR1J0Wm5leFVYVXpCbk01azFhSFJXYkdwVWR4VkZSeVJqY3BSWFJ1MUdOdUJqZDJKM1VtVkRjM2hETU9SWGNXSm5NNGdtWjRRRGN5WVhNemtWZTVaMFNObDFVWlZuYUxkbFd2bzNiWWQyTWl0aVExNTBLeGtGV1R4R2NaRmtWc2huYklSVWExUTFSMFpUZUMxMFoyWUhjaGxUVEs5Q2VKMTBLbGh6VnFGbk0xVVdlNWxuTVpwME0wb2tiT3BHYXFOWE1ubFVSU1JYUTZSSGJUbEhUd1l6ZG5sM1J5aFdV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/fU2HFXtrX7d.png" group-title="DISH TV", [025] Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?M2wzVTFJRFRwSm5acmhGYXlWamEyRWpTblpUYzFCbmUwWkZTckFIZTA0RVdyRlVhSmxWZURGVmJvWmtTS2wxTklwbmJSUjBRRXRFZEVsbldzRm1WeFYwY3pVRVQ1QjNjNmhXYXJGMVpqOVVRbzVVVXVOSFY0UTNOejAyU2xsWGNreG1iM3BrTjNvV09yRlZWd0YyVlQ1bWVoZFhkNW8yYm1oV053WVZZNDlrVjNjMmEzTW5kbFIxTVJGR2JJWlhhdlptUjBsalJuZFZRS3RHUzJRaldIWlVkeWttTlRoVFN6ZHpSQmxtVE05R1ptTjBZcWR6ZFVwbVE1NG1aelpFVUI5MFZHbG5OT2hGVk9kVmRvQjNSVmRuV3ZkVVExVURiSlpYUndvVmJ2WTFiakZsYUtOM2R0TkVaTWxUTVNobmNWRkRiemMxWm9KVlRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/62pJAoY3kCM.png" group-title="DISH TV", [026] Sony AATH
http://?bmwzVTFJRFRwcG5acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUYzRCbmUwbDFUckZYT25kMlltVlZibnRDTXpsWFRvRlVSTUZIUnpkWE9xTjJiaVZ6Y3hObE5PUjFONEZtVVRaRU9oOTJTamxUVndRMmRDUjNLMWRWZHNSVFl0OVNXM29uWnNOMVoxTmpkc2hXV0NwMmF1aERkRXRpVEpKM054WTFLbmxFZDRFRU5ZcFdXNmRYTTZaV2F6RW5VQ1JsV1NKbmQ2aDNTU3AyVXdSbk1NbERUSjVHYnFsMlM2ZEVlaGgxWjZsME4ycFhWTXRFZDBNWE92cGxleXNpZHpBWFQxVm1VcEpEU3I5V2QweDJkdmhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/105QtNR46SH.png" group-title="DISH TV", [027] Ruposhi Bangla
http://?PWNYZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2Um5XTEpGZDZwMlpZVkhkbkoxVENkMGJPdFdNd0ZUUzVsRWN3WVZkMWRWTnk5VVp1TjFhdFpuUVZwMFRVQmpidzhHTnJRalRvMUdUbU5tYjVCWE13a25lR0JEZHpvR1d6UmpOb0JYZXpWVk1ORjNiVjFrUzVaVWN2QmxjMHAxTjVkM1FLSkRhdlZIYnZCelFhZGthMjVXVnF0VVFzeG1kNU4wWXZZM1J5VjNWRkZrZU54RVZoOVdRenhFYkhaMktGZFhSd0VYVU5SMGIxOENNR1ZEZHhWalNhWkZaWkozU254R1QzZ1VlUEptYkI5a2V6UlhUbFZHY1V4R1IwUXpiRk5HY0ROM04zQWxO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Xqf99tBaKw2.png" group-title="DISH TV", [028] Sangeet Bangla
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbDJkbXRHV29KWE5xWlRNS2RtTnhKSGM2UlhXUHRtZTVjMlpqWldWNmQyS3dNWGVOWlhRRnhVY0VOM1p2TVdRdGhVZDFCVk5ORkdkMkkzUzVjRWV3eG1kVGwzZHNKelR5ZDFaNVJXWmpkMlZYbGxSYUZVYjRnblpHQkZUcXR5WUdwa1lwMW1Ob3hVVHFKSGRtdGlWeU0yY3loa1Z3c0dSbDltY2hObWR5SkhlRkpYUmo5eVRyWldjYWxFYTNSbmV1aEdkNmxIYzE0a1Z5Um5aNXBYVm5KWFpSeEdaM1UyU1N0bWR6WXpkaWxWUXVSSE0zUlZTNWRIVXdBSE1ISmtiUHRXTnV0a1EyTkRXbFZFYU9GbldocDFiWWxrYjRnRGV5STFj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/75117/200x200_4b19b530-f0bb-4b26-a9de-f3cdd5f8be20.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [029] Sun Bangla
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5U2R6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJsRjFOTDltYkhabmRybDFjdzFHT3ZaWFM0aFRSelIyYlhCWFpPdEdlb0ZrYllCblVzMW1RbzlDTWhwR2FuVm5OMTRXUzFKVmR4Y0ZlbVJET29sMU40RkZTMUlIYzVWM0xTQkZjdlVuTXYxV01zZEdNb2wxU1B4MlFvaEZWa05rZUZ4a1lXSkZSdlJ6U2tObllyRkhORmRrZHlwMVpzTkVWV1YwY29KRWU=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/star-jalsha-black.png" group-title="DISH TV", [030] Star jalsha
http://?b2RrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5eWJ6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJsUldXU2wzUVBaRVp0MW1iNUZEVDJGVmVvbEZhTFJuVk1SblRCRlRTd1FGYkhSWFVxbEZOMU5WV3JFMVYycFhaMllEY3RORGFQTmpRcVZXUXhWV1l6QkhPNVVuUzFaM1JNZDJiU1YzYTRJa1FyZGxjMGNEZVRsMkwyOVVXdkVIY3lBRlZWcFdleVpGUnJVbk56QUhiT0puUW5wVWNIOVVZMWRqZTVOR1o=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925918368s.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [031] Jalsha Movies
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5aWV6MFdaSVJIWnVaWFJsUldXUzkyUVBaRVp0MW1lNUZEVDJGVmV2bEZhTFJuVk1wM1R6NGtiM1pFZXROM1V2VUZVdXRXZEVSamJZTkhNMHRrVjA5MGRaMWtSWlJuYXVCMVN2a3pMUWxYVnUxVVZGMW1jUlZrWTBoVllxcFZaaVZtWVRkbVFydFdaaVZUYkp4RU1JdFVWeWRYWXpjbWR0aDJWcEJsZTRKRmJPOWlZTXBXU3FCVFk=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/V6mD2QiByZs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [032] Dhoom Music
http://?M2wzVTFJRFRwWm5acmhGYXlWRGUyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwTm1RdzgyVVo1RWIySVRjbWhYTjZaRVYxdFdXb2RGTXpNbmNxdFVWNmQzYlhaalMxczJOcVpHWnlkR040bDNiT0ZtVlBkR2RGVjJacHBXU3pKWFUyQW5Oa3AzTWhobWRZMVVhalpuUkRkR00yOVdPWk5GVldKWGFwWjBZa3BrZTJZbVFvSkZUeloyTGg1MFR5OTJZeEFIT0xCamJOZEZVbkJWWjJOMEtrSjFkSFZIYVZSWE5WRlVjUUZWYjVsRGV1Sm1lTTVrVGtObk41VVVjUFJFYVM1MlZLOVVlemxtTkhKV1RYcDJWTGhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gtvlive.com.bd/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/live-logo.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [033] Gazi TV
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZQlhURlpWYmg5Q2R6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJsRjFOTE5uYkhabmRybDFjdzFHT3ZaWFMwaFRSelIyYlgxR1poWkhTVngyZGtWa1N3ZzBVdGRWV29OV1pxZDJReDBtUkhWRWNLcDNacFZuTXpoR1NIZEVkSFZIVWxOMGFKNW1kT05tWXZnV1FzNW1VdlVXT3hoMk5PMTJaanAzYjVOblFCbFhkek5rTXNkRE5HcDJidkVXWlRaWGV5TlRORXBWYTZCRlU=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.deepto.tv/sites/default/files/deepto_tv_logo%20Edit.png" group-title="DISH TV", [034] Deepto TV
http://?emRrV3lFVU5ZRlhURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWnBaWFJsRjFOTHhtYkhabmRybEZldzFHT3ZaWFNyaFRSelIyYlh0bVp4VTNid0ZHYmtOVWFCcFhVMXhtZFFSRFZCZDJkeGQzVERKbGRwTlVZRDVXTXFselNhVlRidDltUTJSM1JSRlZic2xYYUlwVlVxZERla2QxU3hwMlREdGlWUE4yYUxsbWMxWmxZMzlpU1lSblFuQjNMcXRrUlpkMGJaVmpSaWx6UzVSRlQ=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.duronto.tv/global/admin/images/setting/logo2.png" group-title="DISH TV", [035] Duronto TV
http://?cmRrV3lFVU5ZWlhURlpWYmg5aWF6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJsRjFOTE5uYkhabmRybDFkdzFHT3ZaWFMwaFRSelIyYlhwR1ptZDBMekFYY3U5bVNOSkdhckpUU1N4VWVFQm5kNDBXZEJWa2F2QUZhWWRtTXNaWFJ3RW5VdXhXUjE1R1J3WlRjdVp6U1hWV1ZvWlhaWmQxTXhoMlIyZ1RXbmhVYUxKM1NqSldZMUZXT0JKVGNvOUdaM1FWTzBremMzRjFiTEJIVjJWa1I=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/t-sports.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [036] TSports
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZQlhURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJsRjFOTDltYkhabmRybGxjdzFHT3ZaWFN5aFRSelIyYlhSblpVbERjVUpXYndZbVFKaFhXeWxsUWFoV1pVaG5XdFYxUk9wa2VvcDBTaE5rWjNOWE9vSkdjQmxtVW9SWGNDVjBiNVUzVlBaMmIyeFVjeEpuVlpOblZZSm1kaFpYYjJobmR5QTNZd2htYTNsR1Z6bDJjc1ozVU1SRmRLZEdjMUpWUXRKRk4=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/Colors_Bangla_HD_TV_black.png" group-title="DISH TV", [037] Colors Bangla
http://?cmwzVTFJRFRwZG5acmhGYXlWemMyRWpTblpUYzVCbmUwTm1hVVIzYU5WM1pZQlZlV0ZqZFFCblZwWmtkMVFFVnhrWFZwQm5lUVpXYkJKMFpRbFVjdXgwTjM5bVpvRkhNMmgxVHp0Q2ROTmxkenhrVnlGR01VZG5ZcmdXYWhObFVyRkRjMXdtV0lobE54bDJjd1VtTkI5bWMyUTNiRkpuYXBsVmQzRTBicWRtWWtSMWM1cG5NM1FXTjNSM2NJTm5Xc2hGYTVORk5SZG5WSDFtV3dJelFNbFdhSk5EVWgxV016ZFVhMkpuWVNkSGRHVlhlYVJuYzFoa2I1WWxUeVYzTTB3VVVoaDNiRWREYnMxV2R5WVRNT1JGTm9selVpRmtkVjlXVUxwbVR3OTBiWVZIVDI4U1cyVmtNaWhuWVdKM2E0Rm5TNGh6YjJCRFJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/k0i5kbGxf81.png" group-title="DISH TV", [038] Sony Max
http://?c2wzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWamEyRWpTblpUYzVCbmUwRjJhaWQzWTZGM2RMcGtkMGhXVDFVMFM0Tm5jaUJqYzFwSFZyQlhXS3gwWllKVFF4Y1ZUMHRTU3lnSE12MEdlcjRVVTFSRGQwUTBUcVJsU29wRWE0SjBVU2xIV01oemF6NDJia05XWTNzbVkzRlhSNVpXTVZOSFdySjJRc1ZsZHhOVFdyTURTblpXV1ZoVVk1UVhOc0ZIVFdoSGE0QTNMNVFHUnZ0a2M1dGlWeWxXUjFFWFl6QjNjMUlHVTJjamJ4RmtTdmNIZEdkSE5NTm1RTmwzYVY1RVU0TlZheFYzUVJkRE41RjNaaWRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/EDghoaQSYjJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [039] 9XM
http://?PT13YjVOVk55d1Vhd1oyYVlobWMxb25OeG8wWjJFWGR3cEhkWUpEZHpKV1RyUTBLMmQyU0dOblowMUVjSlZXY1NObGM1RlVZMkZVWmhaWGFSVjJkRjkyWjIxVVVFOWtUM2xtUzUwMlRSeDJNbWhHVDVjeloxeGtkSkZsUnhKVFJySmxUNVkzTG41V2V0NUdjMGwwY1pSalY2WlVVelFHU2lwbWR2VTFkcVpWYVBOMFZybFVZcFIyZHg0ME13NEdTTXBsYnJOVGF1ZFdkanQyY3pGM2NpZFRUeVVuYzJSWGUzTmpiUDlVYnJZV1F1MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/SJT2p0fTxAJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [040] Zee Cinema
http://?PWtXZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTng1R2M2Um5WSXR5YTRSalRZdFdRNWxVVzVOVVV0Sm5SS3BVVzNna2N0TkRhdFJWZDFkSFRJaGtTMWRYVGw1V1RxQlRkd1JITTQ0V2M2Wm5RQ0owVHhGbmEzNG1jWDVtYzBRWE9TOVdXemwyYkZKbGN2MFdPUzVHVFNsemJSZGxjSHQwY3poRVpyODJjbHBHUjFRRFdVMWthV3gyYndVME1zaFVkenNXWnlKWGN3TmxlMFFIY29Kalk0TUVPd2QwTGFwblN4Tm5UUE5XY2tSVWM2UlVPR3AwU3R4MlZhWlVRS3hXZEdaVFYxRmpkUVpUT2hWRlp5bGxkMFFIT2tGSFMzZFhPWXRrYXNka1FGTjBV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/5jV3f9QxcHs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [041] Zee TV
http://?b2wzVTFJRFRwaG5acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUYzVCbmUwWkZTcklIZTA0RVdyRjBjSmxWZURGVmI0WmtTS2wxTklsV2JuSlhlV0pIYmp0MmRITm1hNGhqTU5KRWNJMTJaNE4xUnhsWGFDZEVaekptZDJOVGF2TlZjb2RHVDJsRk4xSVhjdllIZUpwRVIwbFhZa0p6YWpaM2J5WWtWdGRrZTFra2QzeGthdlZ6VVJwV1Q1MUdiWTFXZUlGV2J4bDFjWTltYzZkMVlhOUNTdzRHZTJZRVdTaFRkdzgyTGhKM1YwSlhWeGNrWmpsR1VDbFRjVnhtZUdaemJKZFRXd3gyYXNKSFI0aDNLaGxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/1HdlD6Nlx39.png" group-title="DISH TV", [042] Music India
http://?PVlYZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE41WlRNS2RtTnhWSGM2UlhXNUVVZHhGMFVOQlZleHRVTzFjM2N5WUhld2REVmFKRmE1Y0RXMGttTjZwV1NIUmpVSjkyUTFabFNSWkViNGwwVDVzR2MzTkVjTkpXWWtoblRvOUNWSXRHYk9ObmRyMUVPckJsWnN4RWJEVm5UMDhtY2FKMmNvbERVTmhuVXd4VWJJZERSWVZuUTFWWE9rSkZkd3AwUVpGamVvNWtkUTlTTVU1V1pUSjNTeTEwYWlka1FrdFNkME5IV0I1MmR3b1dPVUZYV2pwR2I1VVVOa0JIYm5WVlF4SVRhWFJIVlFkRk5RWlhhbGRHYTVJblV2SldUd2xFUjQ0bWV4NG1kM2RsY1Y1R2VHaFdT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/GZ7tHf1hx1x.png" group-title="DISH TV", [043] 9X Jalwa
http://?eGwzVTFJRFRwQm5acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUY3ZCbmUwaGxNMFZuWU50Q1JyWUhhTFowY21SWFR5bFVaeEoxVXk1R1JpUkZWR1ZqY3VOemNONVVhNEoyUjRwR1p4WkhhSmRITXZRMFoxaFVTakoyYTVWME56aFVSbWxHZVlCbmJxUm1ldkFIUnZRa1Q0OUNkbTlrVHBWSFcwTmpiMmNYZXZrMU1yY0ZOMnAyTjQwR2FpRm5ZRHAwTjBoR2V4aHpORVptTXJSVFRZWjNZeWwyZFdSbmFTWlhhaGxIYk81RVRyRlVVek5YWkpOSFMza25ObTVVYmhkVFVRdGtTMmx6Vld0RVpqWjNkTEJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8bOOXkJ1cLJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [044] BBC World
http://?emwzVTFJRFRwTm5acmhGYXlWemIyRWpTblpUY3dCbmUwTm1XVWxuUXpCbFk0WWxkNWxrUTFnRlZ5ZGtTcDlrU1NOM2RaSkVPdDkyYjJKRU5VcFhkc1JuUzBWallHNUdkVU5IVG5KWGF6cEdSUlIwVHoxMGIyOENhSTVXU3hjVFVuZG5iajVHTjNRR091VjNTSkZtUWgxR1RESjFVck4zY1BkM1QxUVVkdWgxUXZjelV6WkhUUGhuUlRka2NUbG1jVVoyWTJwWFk1UWtObHBHVElKWFZ4UmphemhuZHhnMmE0TldNRUJEYVd4V1FheDBRbmR6YUhORWUxWXphNjkyTHhRMFRFMVdRdlVWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/0iLtx9H8sr5.png" group-title="DISH TV", [045] Aljazeera
http://?PUlYZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE53WlRNS2RtTnhOSGM2Um5VclVUYmhWbFVoTjJaMDVVVHY1bVRWWm5ldkVYVmpwSGFHUjBaMjkyYXlObFN3WVZjcWhHVTRNelVQSlVjQkYyU3YxMmNyaEZNa2wyWktOSGNHRlRSNFlWYktGbVoxbGpWNEYzVnVaV1ZMMUdkMFpqZFRkVGRQVjBTbHBsUTVsVU5DSlZTVUYzYnZza1VVQjFjNmxGYnA1MGF2dDBSbWhtTTVFSGNIaEZiaXRHZDU0RVV0OUVjNUJqTllSamE0c1dVNFV6U1Y5VWFIQkRTeEFIV3BaMmNsaEdSMklIYjJnelR6a1VjQnRVTURGRE93cEhlSHhFY3ZWM1NUWjBZVHBsYnBaR1R0bFVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/R0Q9g76k87Z.png" group-title="DISH TV", [046] Lotus Macau
http://?PWtXZVRWak1NbEdlbXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTnhoR2M2UlhabWRGY3ZVME1HZDBUbk5EVUlSVFRWSlhNVGhqYnpabWJQUkZVNFVIYjBCVFp1aGtaeHgyU2xKbFJOVkVjUmgyWVRCWFp2cG5NUnQwVDFwR1M2WmpOWHAwYnZzMGFQbGtUblJFYXNWVFpXcEdhVGRFY3NGRmMweGtTM1pHYnhKMlFPOWlhNUZYT2haWFU0OWtjV0ZrVTFGa2V5ZG1RSjEyU09obWR4VW1aeXRHYnlRVlpXNUVkdEJUZDRjblFwMVdRbWhGZUkxVWV2WWtSNUJsZXFWV1RJZFVUQ3AzS3dkM1FHZDFjeGdEVURORU5uZGtjUUZVZFhKWFp6aFRkMGdWZE9kbFR5UVVX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/485iHu5R5IB.png" group-title="DISH TV", [047] Ary Digital
http://?PVFYZVRWak1NbFdkbXRHV29KWE50WlRNS2RtTngxR2M2Um5aU1ptYXBoMWR4NVdPMnRpTWhSSGV2dDJNYVJXWXhOVGV3RjNLamhFTW9sRWJQSjNTMnRHVXlOa1l6TVVkS0ZqVFA5bWF4eDBkblJIVnc1V2R6aGpTcjh5Wkl4bWVFVkViNWR6WjVaMGMyZEdad2szYVoxR2J0VmxOMEFGVzZsV1FFaDBkQmxXWllGRVR4a0RhWUpETXhaRVV5RlZOM0JsY1Y5R1p2SWtObVpHYkpwSGN6WUZhNmRGUnZjWGRTZDJOU05HTmtsa2Q1QW5VS0JYTjZWRE5WRjBTRGhuV3YxbWQyd0ViVlJqVzJkRFcycFZRM3NtVTVvV2VEOUVUek0zZFpsVVJxNTBO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/t1Dt29onOQT.png" group-title="DISH TV", [048] Ary Zindagi
http://?PWNYZVRWak1NbFdhbXRHV29KWE51WlRNS2RtTnhoSGM2Um5aU1pXYXBoMWR4NVdPdnRpTWhSSGV2WjNNYVJXWXhOVGJ5dGlhQjFtVHRGbVVFRlRWNUZIVXljVWFtQlRkWHBFUklaRE95WjFUelprY21wV053WkRWMzBFZHB4ME5KQmxNNGhuY1ZWRU1yY1dVb1p6YXBWV2UzbG1aRmxUTXdobFMzUUZhWTlXU0tWMmNsdHliSjlrTWFOR1NzdG1TekFuUUU5bVdNSjFZNFZVY3pvbk41VVZSdWxYYlRGVFZ1dEdjM01tVTVzU2M0WjJZUmxGTm9aSFdXOW1RclJYVUVKVlRrNWthbFYxVFFGMFRySkZNd2NXVEdOM2N3cDJVaWxVZElGVFlUUmth
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2oGVLjEB0gi.png" group-title="DISH TV", [049] Rai Italia
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbDJjbXRHV29KWE5wWlRNS2RtTnhGSGM2Um5WNEIxWjA4eVJRdG1XNkprVjFoV1l3bFhVeVpHYUpsM2FMbERaR0pGVXRwVmN5dFdOcFJuYVJkRVJ5UVZjREpYTkpGSGQzbGtTM3NDVTJrR1VYZEZlTWhsYlNOMk5sbFhOeEZUYzFkMEtxQkhPb1pEY0ROVWRPcG5NdmQzY29oMFY0d2themNXU3JBSFRRVkRiUnBGV3Bsa1JudFNZTmhVYjJjV1M0QVZOWk5GYWlCekx4ZEZOM1JWUXFsVFpucDJMelZYWnAxR2RNaG5ZNEpUZXhCVlZsbGxOdmxYY3hOek5ESkZiWWhsZHpsVmJxbFdiRVZ6YjBvV01EZHpLWWRGZWhOV05DaDBS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/b12C5CpfsdY.png" group-title="DISH TV", [050] Euro News
http://?PW9YZVRWak1NbG1ibXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2UkhaNHhXYngwMEwxa25RMVJHZDJSVWVCUlhhMmNWYnFoRmNoZFhhQk5VV29oVVZ3Z0ZaWnQyVTBZMk5taFRhNGdITVU1a1c2bDBLdmxXVzZGM1p6WUVUMlJYY0o5Q09pbDBNMGRGT3M1a2U1OTJaMlFIU1FWMmJ4Y1ZaR2QyYzJoRGJDVkZNWk4zYml0V2NFMVdldmMyWk5WMmJ6ZGxXU056U3B4V1phRmxTSk4yYVNkVlFzRkRPckZVVG90MFphUjNOVTlXVlhkMVo1WkZObkJuYzVWa1pYbEhjdHBXTVJGVWQwSm5lb3hrV2hKVGR1UlROelUzVjRnV2JvNTJTSTlHYVh4RWNhcFVa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eH2YVqXcen0.png" group-title="DISH TV", [051] ABC Australia
http://?PWNYZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE5yWlRNS2RtTnhoR2M2UkhWbFJWZGtKM0s2aDBkblJGUkNsM1VMTlhhMFFuUndBbmJ0cG5ja0pEZDFaVE9IRlZjekVuYm1Ka1VqWkRjRWhIY0JaelJ4aEZXeU5rYVRSM1E0QVZaaVZFZEloRFZZcEdTM0oyS0ZSSGFXbEdXVGRUVXlRMmFyZFdSMVp6ZDVWbFkxZzNLdGRtWm5GM1JuRjNkRGxsZEMxR1dyNVViamxuY3hKM1RyRjBMWXRDYzN3VWIyVkdidVpuVXBSVFptTlhVSnBrZXZsR2FMbERhaTltTTV4V093QlhlRXRHZVVaellDUlZkRmhUYjVKVlEzQmpRTEJET1VSWFRtdDJhQmhuZWpoSFpsUjFk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Dr5As01pn0B.png" group-title="DISH TV", [052] PTV World
http://?c2wzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWVGEyRWpTblpUY29CbmUwWmxWNG9tTnVKRVVUZHphUFJWZElGVWFvSlhRamRqZFpGM05xMTJhU3QwWmlkVk9NRkdVblJ6ZGl4bWVHaDNOdFZtU1lWMGIzWWphVTkwTnFkbVowSldkNngyTWxkVFFHVmxjMVkyY3JSemRzZFdheXQyWW1wbVRyUlRaQmxuZW5kM1lCVmxRcXRpY3haR1cwNEdNVE5uU0VOSGQxOEdhWFYwYXdsemRTVmxSTnQyZHg5aWRHbDFjNXRDTWw5a1NvZG1aaGRtTllCbmVCeEVVTGhXZXh3V1dhOVdWeFJtUTNwRWMzb0dPaGxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/rlCNJtTWjqR.png" group-title="DISH TV", [053] RT News
http://?PT1nYTVOVk55d1VhM1oyYVlobWMxZ25OeG8wWjJFSGJ3cEhkWFptYTBOVk15bDJVbVJuTllOamRHVjJaem9IYkJsSFJ0UjFhWnRFY1Y1V2M1UVZiNk5HZHJFVGM1bDFUMlJGT25WelJMaEdNd0Z6YnI5MGQzTUdldzBtUXNaWGQ0RVdTdTUyVjVobVdRRlVhQ3RVVnY0V1N6ZFVVM1ZGT241Mk0zZHpMMXdVZDJOVWVQZGpXeXAzUlhsRk5JaG1UVnRpZXNkamJtUjNVVGRqWnlsVWJ5ZDFUeDUyUXlvRk9GZFdlS2RHTU5WMFowMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/mi3DwvgJwBz.png" group-title="DISH TV", [054] PTV Global
http://?PWdXZVRWak1NbFdhbXRHV29KWE5vWlRNS2RtTnhsR2M2Um5WV2hqYTI0bVFRTjFONjlFVjFoVVFwNW1jQk4yTjJsMWEzUVZkc2RrUzMxa1F2Sm1lUUIzY2l4R1p6b25jM04zTXdrbU5yVm1RV05YVnk1MmJLNVdkNFluZDFZWFdrUlZSMVpqTXlnblJMbDNjdmdtVDFWamFqVnpUb1ptUTBWamVaUlZSbmhYYjBGVFZEZFRiWnBWZDNwbmVuRlRTS2RsWTB3R01RMW1hYXBGYVpaa2RxWjBUbzUyTjFrRlVDbEdVd0UyUURWVGR5ZzJNMVYyTDV0bVJrbEZkeDEyUzFZRlVCRnpjeklITVdCWFpvVjFNeVJtUlFobVpIZFVkTFpsZVpWbFNrZEdU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8U14b8HzJeF.png" group-title="DISH TV", [055] NHK World Japan
http://?b2wzVTFJRFRwUm5acmhGYXlWemEyRWpTblpUY25CbmUwTjJOeWhuYXZGM1pNWkdkNDVrVXZKekt2dENTYU5IYzFOWFltZEhNMFZsYVBSVmE1Qm5NeGQySzRFamNTaDJZdWwwYXpGMGNoNUVNQ2xrUnpGV016RTFibDlXY01kRGJTeDJjcmQxYjJRelMycGtONk56ZDNOM1ZEWlRaTWhWZHJKelkxbzJhemxYV3ZVMlYwb0daUDVXVTZWRWVGWjFaeDhHYXVsa05zeDBhWEJuY2tSWFJQUkVkRDUwWlhGWFIwTmxWWGxFVVpobmJ5bG1NRlZsZDEwV1dPWlhNcEJqUkxWMlNMNUdNdlZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8nly7s6w8nI.png" group-title="DISH TV", [056] AL Arabiya
http://?PWdXZVRWak1NbFdibXRHV29KWE50WlRNS2RtTnhsR2M2UkhWbFJWZGtKM0s2aDBkc1JGUkNsM1VMaFhhMFFuUndBSGNySkRWelJsZHR0bVF6bFRUeTRXZFlKME0zTURlUzlHYWgxMFM0RjBiSGwwTEpkbWQ0TVRRd29WZDRGVFNrTlVONmRUT3d0bU01Sm5jNlZXVUJaSGNPRkdNcFJqTnpGVWQxYzJLWGxXU3lSVmRyQjFaR0pUTTZWbFN3NWtTRkYzSzRsMmQ0RVZRMXQyYTY5RVQ0SWxXcmx6WjJJVllYQlhlRGxWY1BkM2N6VjBhM05HZTQ5VWFWTnpNejFtYndGMlIxdDBkRVZHUnl0aVpvQkhWTzFFTkZ0R1UzeG1XbXAxWno5Q1V3MVVX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/jq7qr2d6FF6.png" group-title="DISH TV", [057] DW
http://?PT13YTVOVk55d1Vhd1oyYVlobWMxc21OeG8wWjJFM2N3cEhkbUpUWXN0Mll6Y2xRRGxIVDNVM1ZONTBjT05XVTBjM2R4WjBjek1YV0JGWGJrcDBLeXQwZHgxRWJ3SlVOcFZqUmk1MlZYcEhkd04zTnpobGJDRkZVdmtIY3VwVmJSMTJibGhuVkQ5RWFNUjJhamxHZFpsbWVybEhSWVZsZXoxV2JvaG1RSmxWZXpwV1JJZDFOd05XUzFwbmJXaG5ScUZUY3Q1bWVYUlhTVjFFWm5obWRDOWlVRVpYTU1CMVoxUkdlMWRXYmtKMmQ1MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/asiantv.jpg?" group-title="DISH TV", [058] Asian TV
http://?NWwzVTFJRFRwbG5acmhGYXlWRGIyRWpTblpUY3VCbmUwTlZPUGxXV3VaMVl3Um1kSVpHVVNwbFl5cG1iTDlHVDFCbmRUTlhleGNsYW85eVV4TUZNNVJETUM5aWJacDNSVWxVZHJnbGNGcEZTelJGTjJoekt6Um1UR3BHWm5obVk0ODJkNGRVUzNkVGMxVlRjcWxrYnBwM1ZNZDFOcWxWZVVsV2UzRTBUdWxVYXB0a1pSMVdhNWNFTnp4VWRJWkRkNkJsVXZSalNPOXlkUEpIVHdnM0xtcFhkc2RFVzJzVWF6RmpUWGRtVDVRSFd3WldWMFVYY3hNbmNQdHlWdVZYUnpZRVQxbDJNMWRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_368,h_207,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-channel_1643519345/channel_list/zing_1104009900.png" group-title="DISH TV", [059] Zing
http://?NFZIVG9Kak5qUlhlUzlpTTNsemI0NVdSM0FUVHVsbmJtQnpWeEZITll0MGNDTjFhMFpsUjB3bWF3SldNeXBsYXVobWMxbFZiVlZsZXFSRFR3dFdPNjVVUjRWR2JHVkhiczkwWTQwbWFoNVVjeEpGUjRwWFIwY2tNd3BYZTFFVVpEcFdiV1pXUm1aR2U0MTBWVWRETlBWWFJ5Um5jV0prYmExbU5PcDFMeEYwUlJkRlIxdDJUTFpWYjJjVWUzQlhSTnBIZG5wbWM0TXpZVjVHVVFaRWVWdFVkNGMwUUVkV1EwVlVjc3RHUnZkbmRIQlRVQjVXY29kSFVYSldhbjEyS0dOak5NbEhPa2xVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_368,h_207,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-tvhd_0/channel_list/09tvhd_0tvhd.png" group-title="DISH TV", [060] &TV
http://?NFZIVG9Kak5qbFhlUzlpTTNsRGU0NVdSM0FUVDZsbmJtQnpWeDVHTll0MGNDTkZlMFpsUjB3bWEzSldNeXBsYXVwbWMxbFZiVlZGYnFSRFR3dFdPMTVVUjRWR2JHTkhiczkwWTQwV2FoNVVjeEpGUnpwWFIwY2tNd3RXZTFFVVpEcDJkV1IxWjZabVdwSnpMdk5qV1psbVd5bFdkSUpWY1JWR1RqUnpad3RXZXhaM1p6Z21lME5qVDFOVGRJTlVUWU4xY25GbGFxTm1WMGtXWkNKVFNrQkhkSUIzYmFCSFI2Um5lazVtYTZaSE1NaFhVSmgwY1hOVllQMWtNdkpUY3pGbFF5SlhTbGRGVW5CWGVLeDBOeEVqWjU5aU55b0dTTmxYYk5sR1VwNTBhMlJtZTFnSGFzaFVlYVpYUUNoSGVRTlhTVmxuYlY1bU5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925740365s.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [061] &Picture
http://?d1ZIVG9Kak5qZFhlUzlpTTNsRGU0NVdSM0FUVHZsbmJtQnpWeFJITll0MGNDTjFaMFpsUjB3bWExSldNeXBsYXVKbmMxbFZiVlYxYXFSRFR3dFdPczVVUjRWR2JHcEdiczkwWTQwMmJoNVVjeEpGUjJwWFIwY2tNdzlXZTFFVVpEcFdkV3BsTUVwSFdubGxZM1YyYjV3V1pLRjNZaE4xYTBGVVR6WVZTNGxETTN0bWFSUjNLMVFFU1VCVGM2TlZRUHRFYnJoRU9oRldjREpuWTBaemJUdFNjYUpWZFNwM0tyUm1hMFZYWlQ5R1NxUnpkWHhFY3ZoSE81Z0dlcHBWWWg5U2RtdEdhRDVtTTVWWGF2dEVSNVUxUjRWbmVFTmpXeUJYYnhWbFYzQnpiVEpqTUo5VVN6cFhkdFpFU2pGM1laSlRlVDlXZExSVU1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://asset.ctv.ca/image-service/version/c:YTgyOTU0ODctNWJiNy00:N2YwZGJj/image.png" group-title="DISH TV", [062] MTV
http://?dmwzVTFJRFRwbG1acmhGYXlWVGMyRWpTblpUYzJCbmUwTlZaUUJYZExsMlNLTldiaGwwTkxKbFZ3NW1XRkpXV0pkR2FxSlVNSkZ6Y0ZSa2F4bGtadEIzWXdaRk5LZFhjdE5tZEhaVGVCOVdXU1JsZXdselJPRldWM3NtWTE4R2VLcDNjUGRrY0ZKVWNwaEdhMlVtZUdWM1pUMW1ZQkpVYWhoak5wcDJhb1J6TEdGbGE1TUhSdnRXTklwV2V3b0hSU2RIU3ZSWFc1OWlWQ05IYk4xRWVEWm1kdkZYVHlSMlF3aEVWd3NTWUh4MlIzVTJZcGhrYXFoelFHMVdUeGxYWXFOMFIzaEdWaWxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_368,h_207,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-zeeclassic/channel_list/09zeeclassiczeebollywood.png" group-title="DISH TV", [063] Zee Bolywood
http://?PWdXZVRWak1NbFdjbXRHV29KWE54WlRNS2RtTnhWSGM2Um5WSXRpZDRSalRZdFdRc2xVVzVOVVV0eG1SS3BVVzNnRWJzTlVSaWRFWjZWVlFxUkdNeVVYV0doWFdQZDJkNGhEVUhOVWNwOW1kTVpEV1JsbVd2TWtkNElqYzVsbmJLbGpSeDlpUTA5MllGMTJMemwxTVZGM1ozOW1XSkYzWnNKamVrOWtNU3BuVFNsbVZSTlRhQmxtVnlnSFZuTjJNMElHVHlCSGRPVldlenhVYXBObFNSRkdjdmxGVDBvMFZ2NUdSRmgyTno5U2RtVkRjSmxqUm81VVNYVlRWMGgyU0lObmRNaEVlMjAwVTVvVlEwTmpNeEVuZEg1Mksyb2tOTlowYzJZR092RmtN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://exchange4media.gumlet.io/news-photo/98204-xplore.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [064] &xplor
http://?dlZIVG9Kak5qTlhlUzlpTTNsVGI0NVdSM0FUVDNsbmJtQnpWeEZITll0MGNDTmxlMFpsUjB3bWF5SldNeXBsYXVabmMxbFZiVlZWYXFSRFR3dFdPdTVVUjRWR2JHZEdiczkwWTQwMmJoNVVjeEpGUnNwWFIwY2tNd2xYZTFFVVpEcFdiV1oxU3BWRU5zVlVXMU1uVnhWWGNSRjFLUDFtY1pGMFpxSkRNeTlpVTQwV2FoRlhTdkExWnVKWGF6UUdNQnRpVnBwbFNVZDNRMTVXTjVCekt4Vm5iMTVrWXlFelExeFdkNGsyWWpWSE5yNEdNVU56Y1poRGN5SkhVczFrTXhSMUtpbDJNeVFVV3ZNM2JRRjJTU1pYVTJ4V1ZYcG5XeEVuY3hJbVNKSm5ieVUzVnlnVFd3eEVWWUIxU2laM053VWxTVDFHZTBSM1FSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_action.png" group-title="DISH TV", [065] Zee Action
http://?elZIVG9Kak5qbFdlUzlpTTNsVGU0NVdSM0FUVHhsbmJtQnpWeHRHTll0MGNDTlZlMFpsUjB3bWExSldNeXBsYXV4bWMxbFZiVlYxZHFSRFR3dFdPejVVUjRWR2JHWkhiczkwWTQwR2JoNVVjeEpGUjRwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcFdjV0oyUjNZbWE1RmpkUWRtWVlSWFRROVNhRUZsZDJrelNSdFdNb3gyUk45Mk5PaDJTaVZHTkZKV2R6WURacGRtYzBOMFRhSm1WelFYY3NkVU9DMTBiWGhqTXJoa2RzeDJRWjlXT0ZobVp2SjFMekpWYTFGVFYwMFVZblJWTjJ4V1NLWlhNM2xWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/800/202002/zee-biskope.jpeg" group-title="DISH TV", [066] Zee Biskope
http://?c1ZIVG9Kak5qcFdlUzlpTTNsamM0NVdSM0FUVDFsbmJtQnpWeHBHTll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWF1SldNeXBsYXU5bWMxbFZiVlZGZXFSRFR3dFdPcjVVUjRWR2JHZEhiczkwWTQwMmNoNVVjeEpGUjZwWFIwY2tNd2xYZTFFVVpEcFdjV1JXTXVObFM0bGtUNVFIYjUxV1RXaGtXc0psZHdSWE40Y2tUcVp6Y0lsak1TVkhaemR6S05oMGNVbFZZWHRrVnVWSFpIZGpaM29IYTNNbllYMTJkMEoyWTFNMmFxTkdSMlJXWno0MlZ1bEVUbnRVZVVaWFJ3UmpXdUpIVjUxVVNGaG5iS0JUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/400x300/201901/zee-anmol.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [067] Zee Anmol
http://?MlZIVG9Kak5qWlhlUzlpTTNsamU0NVdSM0FUVDZsbmJtQnpWeGhITll0MGNDTkZjMFpsUjB3bWF5SldNeXBsYXVwbWMxbFZiVlZGYXFSRFR3dFdPdTVVUjRWR2JHcEdiczkwWTQwMmRoNVVjeEpGUjFwWFIwY2tNd1ZYZTFFVVpEcFdjV0YyVERoVU95VjNjeXBYVnhKWFUzQlhVc0JYZHlKVWR6ZGtkNHRXUnROek5ZcFdTME5rZEZ0RWQxaGxUekVqY3cxME12d21VWFJuVzRwRk94OFVjVlJYWjVZVmE1eDJZbGRXYTVnSFZvRmxRUkZVYndCRGEyUkVib3htVE9oemJobFhkVEZqWkZCVmVXZEVaMzBVTnFCWE1xUjNZd3dHT3JrV2JTWmphNW8wUVhwa1JuSm1ZSFZGU3BoM1J4WnpVdU5qYUhsMFRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Zee-Anmol-Cinema.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [068] Zee Anmol Cinema
http://?clZIVG9Kak5qVlhlUzlpTTNsamU0NVdSM0FUVHpsbmJtQnpWeFZITll0MGNDTjFaMFpsUjB3bWEySldNeXBsYXVwbWMxbFZiVlYxZHFSRFR3dFdPejVVUjRWR2JHbEhiczkwWTQwbWVoNVVjeEpGUnVwWFIwY2tNdzFXZTFFVVpEcFdhV04yU2FKMVFwTmtZSFZYVE5oR1d6bzNRWnBXY085U2RFSjBWNVozYUpSVU1pUlhkWVZWZEpSbGRGUkhVM3AyZDFOR2JrWkRPV2htYndVbk41UVdlb3RtZXJkbFIwTnpjRHRtTkhsSFNraERVdEZFYXJnV1NKTnpWd1JXZXVWV1JyZzJhTjlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_cafe_hd.png" group-title="DISH TV", [069] Zee Cafe
http://?elZIVG9Kak5qRlhlUzlpTTNsemM0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeHRHTll0MGNDTmxlMFpsUjB3bWFxSldNeXBsYXVSbmMxbFZiVlZWZXFSRFR3dFdPcDVVUjRWR2JHcEhiczkwWTQwMmFoNVVjeEpGUjBwWFIwY2tNd0pYZTFFVVpEcFdkV1JsVXpaMlR4MVdlaE4zTVZkblVwWjJOWVpYYXFWSFdycEdPcVIxZGt4RU1waEhOVXRXWXhGbGJubDBVRGRYVm54a2NCVldRemhuZUtkWE1ETnpjRFJIYXRwRlN3aFRkNTRXY0xsblp6SkRVUDlrZVN0bWR3TldjNVZUZHRsVlJMdFdaUWRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://english.cdn.zeenews.com/sites/default/files/2019/05/22/788840-zee-classic.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [070] Zee Classic
http://?dlZIVG9Kak5qWlhlUzlpTTNsRGU0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeDVHTll0MGNDTmxjMFpsUjB3bWFvSldNeXBsYXVobmMxbFZiVlZWZXFSRFR3dFdPejVVUjRWR2JHaEhiczkwWTQwR2JoNVVjeEpGUjZwWFIwY2tNd2hXZTFFVVpEcFdlV0ZtVENWalIxaGxVQ2RVTktoM2FhaFVXeDBFZTVkbWRyQWpUNjVHTzBVSE1MeG1ZRlpqTnpkbGV6SlhNamRYUXdOMWNRTjNaTWRXT2xORFozWTFhWE5FU0NGMFMydDJLU2RWT2sxbWJwZFROdmRFY2paa2JUQlRhdlJYTmFGMGFGOVdSU1ZUUjVoa2U2eG1jNDRHZHhaWFV4WTJTcDEyUm5sbWRwZDNib0pFYk10aWUzaFdTQ3BIVXdnR01DSlZZV0JUYTE1MlkzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Zee-Cinemalu-HD-logo11.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [071] Zee Cinemalu
http://?PUVYZE1obU0yTVdjNUoxTHljWE95aG5iRmRETU5sWGV1WkdNWEZIYTBnMVN6SjBVMFJuVkdSRGJxRm5ZeEluV3E1bWN5VlhXdFZWVjBwR05NQjNhNVluVEZoWFpzWjBic3gyVGpoVGJ0Rm1UeEZuVUU5bWVGUnpSeUFuYjVWVFFsTmthMVpWWlpkVVd3aG1lME4yTG5WMmJwZEVhSUowSzVkSGNwZFdSdXBHTXNWMlZKaEdieFpIT25SV1l4bEVUaHRFZGpKbmRtTmpVQ2RrZTB3MmFydFdPbkpETnZjWGNrMW1VWmR6U3BKMWMxd0ViVEpHT3VKRk4wVm1lT05YVllGV2NRWlhjUjlrTlQxa1VzVlhiUFpuY1NCM1Y2ZFdTWkpGYTFnRFpKbERk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_etc_bollywood.png" group-title="DISH TV", [072] Zee Etc Bollywood
http://?elZIVG9Kak5qSlhlUzlpTTNsRGI0NVdSM0FUVDFsbmJtQnpWeFZITll0MGNDTjFhMFpsUjB3bWE0SldNeXBsYXVCbmMxbFZiVlZsZXFSRFR3dFdPeTVVUjRWR2JHaEhiczkwWTQwbWRoNVVjeEpGUjRwWFIwY2tNdzFXZTFFVVpEcEdjV0YxYTBoV1l0VkhPMW9XVEJ4V1lyOXlhRHRXYUxobmRxcEhOcGhYWW5OV2M0Z25hWjVrYjNVSGFzTlVaeXAwTjFsM1JZWkhiQ0ZYWXNKbWN0bDBaNDhrVzBjRGI1eDBhM0VYV1o1V1czSm1kSTl5Ykl4V1RGZEhkdFYzZDBRbWN5VTNaTVZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/5-54845_star-plus-star-plus-logo-png.png" group-title="DISH TV", [073] Star Plus
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5U2J6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJsUldXU0YzUVBaRVp0MVdhNUZEVDJGVmVxbEZhTFJuVk0xbVRCZFhZTHBuYTJKbGFUSmtRdFpVVnhrblRZZG5UNWxsWWpWbmNNVmtZU2hVVHZOMlZDSlRTdmNIYXlVbmRScFdhVVozTmtkMEtyZGtSNjl5YUlaWFd6RTNkM1FXYnhSRVROcDBaM1oyVnpoWFp0bDNjbFpuYW01MGM1RTNjSDFtVHRaVVM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/sony-sab-hd-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [074] Sony Sab
http://?cmRrV3lFVU5ZdFdURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWjJaWFJsRjFOTHhtYkhabmRybEZhdzFHT3ZaWFN1aFRSelIyYlhkblptcDNSekZUY2p0aWF5c1VObkZVUzZCellEaEhiUkZFYzBnRmNWbEhOWGhXTzI1R1Z0SjFaSEJYVG9aalQzc2lkb2gzS1pGbVJySjFacTUwVU05R2RNSmtUNjlTYlVOVFNKRkZWdkpqV3Qxa2FoWlhST2hHVHlabWNaNWtUa1JtVXpOME0=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.indiantelevision.com/sites/default/files/styles/smartcrop_800x800/public/images/tv-images/2015/04/13/sony.jpg?" group-title="DISH TV", [075] Sony Entertainment
http://?NWRrV3lFVU5ZdFdURlpWYmg5aWV6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJsRjFOTDltYkhabmRybDFidzFHT3ZaWFNxaFRSelIyYlhGSFowWW5lbVZGYlN4R09PbGxVdEpuYXk5MmFoTlhkUVJsWTZwMGJVcFhRbE5VVnFsVVdGUjNTM2syTlF4VWRQOWtjcUptUTJZMFNySmpaclkzTndwWGNPSjJTNWtUYnhnbWFVSjFhdXBFVXJObGQ1MTJLUkZHV3R0bWQwRW1VWFJtY3lSMFE=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://songringtonedownload.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Colors-Tv-Serial-ringtone.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [076] Colors Viacom
http://?MmRrV3lFVU5ZTlhURlpWYmg5eWR6MFdaSVJIWm9aWFJscEZVb3QyYjVrR2RuaFVjd2sxY2haamFxNUdNMzVVUU5sbk1hRlZjUEZFYjE4MlZFVlhhMmh6WjRrRE1NWkhiMTBtWTNZVmNQRmtjNUZXUnlGbllvSjFTVWgzYXc4MFZoVmpidmNFTU85aVN4WkZWNkYzZHlnSGMxWkhVRFpHYUVGa1Exa1VQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.rapidtvnews.com/images/2019/Feb_2019/Colors_logo_-_26_February_2019.jpeg" group-title="DISH TV", [077] Colors Asia
http://?PWtXZVRWak1NbFdjbXRHV29KWE53WlRNS2RtTnh4R2M2UjNZcVJsYXIxVWRuaEZVNlpWTTJCRmNXcG5SMlZEUlVGemRYdHlLMndVZG9sbFlFbFdlTmhYYTJ4V1JwTjJjaWxIT1hOVldwaEhlMVFrVW5aWGNNSlZkM0lqYXZ4bVVXTlRldlZuTTFKVFpMdFdjM0lqWURka2J5UjFNV1JuZHNwV01MOVVNNHBXWTJkMWJCQkRhSk5GY0Z0MFJySnpOM1kyVEhOWFV5SW5kMEExWlpWa1FyWWtjdkpIZHZFR2RVNW1ZcVYyUWxSMWRzcG1hNDUwYW5sMWM1QkhaamxuVk1sRlV0bFVjS2RrVlBaRFQ2Wm5ZdnQyUmtoM1Z6TmpNUk4xYk14a2J0NVdk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/s8IBAPVHazB.png" group-title="DISH TV", [078] Sony Six
http://?bmwzVTFJRFRwOW1acmhGYXlWamMyRWpTblpUY25CbmUwbDFUcnBYT25kMlltVlZjbnRDTXpsWFRuRlVSTUZIUnpwM0xCbFdZd3cyZFZ0RWQ1SWpadlIwWnZzMmN0UkhTNXRTU1l0R2NwQlZSbmxFTXVKR1pqVlRjaUIzVm81RVV6SjBacWhtZTRFRFN5SkRWeUZFUnBsSFRyRTBUWkYzYzBGelR0ZHpiMWRVVkw5eVo2OW1hTFpWTWhwMmEwa1hWMEozTTRkRVY1Um1WSk5YTm9oblphQlZleG9uZHMxbVk1VnpUR0pEU3oxV1dqMVVkeFJGY0JaWFc0ZFdOd2RGZDVabFJya0dNejBVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Rhmi59G3O4D.png" group-title="DISH TV", [079] Sony Ten1
http://?PUFYZVRWak1NbDJibXRHV29KWE4yWlRNS2RtTnhwR2M2UkhWWFJYYXBsbGRpSkVVcDUyVXJzeVZPTlhXRGRVVnFWbmU1OWtkUlp6TjJ4MlpEcG1iWTVtWllKSGVwUnpjanRTVDNkelExSlVUUVJUVzBOWFUzSnpkaUIxY1ZkM0t3dzJVd1ZVT3lrV1pJaFhOMU5sTndoamVXUkdkUGhWVXRGRldXSkdWVmxYVG1KRmQ1QkRleVlGUm5aRE8wUjNMNmxtUTA4R2I1aEVTSnRVY0t0VVZ3a0VOcVpVYnpaelN5OVdWcVprYjM0RWFwZFRNTXhFWnRoekt5azFVQzEyY0NOR1ZSSmplNWNqY0hGVlVwcFdPcWRFU09oV2VQTldTNk56YnlvVVc2bEZN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/27bE6UrXVzf.png" group-title="DISH TV", [080] Sony Ten2
http://?PThXZVRWak1NbFdhbXRHV29KWE4wWlRNS2RtTnhGSGM2UlhZckpXZWpwWGMzdGtTc1JIYU5WVFJMbDNjeUpHTXlWWGRTZFRNNDkyVnY5MlFMRldaNWduY05Oa2RRWm1idFZsYll0RVYzWlVlMEZuUzNGWFdYaDBRQ0ptYkVsM2FtZEhOdGhWYndzR2FvaDJURGgwY3FkVmVyTnpSVnRTUXFKa1ExNG1TaWxuU0NwMWFRNVdjMWRUUm1SMVlvUjBTc0oxZHpFbld0UnpNQlZIYTFBVGNvNWtadTVtZXZ0V2Q2ZEhjNVEyUjVSVWNKZFhXdU5VTTNCMVozaFhhV2QzSzVwMFZIcGxjUlZUZEJkM1U0bFRTNUozTWt4V00xQjNkYU4xWjJoelRaaEVl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logodix.com/logo/947778.png" group-title="DISH TV", [081] Star Sports 1
http://?M2RrV3lFVU5ZdFdURlpWYmg5eVp6MFdaSVJIWnpaWFJsUldXU3AzUVBaRVp0MVdkNUZEVDJGVmU1bEZhTFJuVk1kSFVSWm5kMkVGY0lWMmNoRjJOcWRXVTM1bVRVMVdlNE1rU09KVGRwWkdkUVJGVXJKVFNNZFdXclJITktObE0yeFdkeDAwYjFKV1YyNTBRNlJ6Y1Q5MlJVSlVlT2xrY0hWa2RWVmxTblZEY1RGVGV5TlhNeGxVZXZjMGN5RUdjaHBFTnJGRmI=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logodix.com/logo/947782.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [082] Star Sports 2
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZbFhURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJsUldXU2gzUVBaRVp0MVdiNUZEVDJGVmU0bEZhTFJuVk1sbVR4TW5ZMGhXYzJvbFZFRmxkemxuWm9OV1NHRjNLUDFHU3ljSGJ4QlhjV1IzYTVOa1EzUjJOTEozTGt0eWNJRlhlakpGUlVSbFJ4ZEdNcGxsWURwV2MzZDNhYVJFYllSV2IwSjNib1pqUzQ4a01pUjNjM05uWnJrbWFESjNWT05tTXpaRlc=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logodix.com/logo/947786.png" group-title="DISH TV", [083] Star Sports 3
http://?c2RrV3lFVU5ZQlhURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWnRaWFJsUldXU2QyUVBaRVp0MUdhNUZEVDJGVmVzbEZhTFJuVk1ablR4TW5ZMGhHYTJvbFZFRmxkMWxuWm9OV1NHaDNLUDFHU3ljM2R4QlhjV1IzYW5Oa1EzUjJOTEozTGt0eWNJRm5hakpGUlVSbFJxZEdNcGxsWUR0V2MzZDNhYVIwYVlSV2IwSjNielpqUzQ4a01pWjNjM05uWnJrMmNESjNWT05tTXpaRlc=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://aimages.willow.tv/willowhd_h40px.png" group-title="DISH TV", [084] Willow
http://?NWRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJsRjFOTGxtYkhabmRybFZkdzFHT3ZaWFM0aFRSelIyYlhCSFp5UTJZUjlpYTNBWFdyVnphb2QwS205V09IcDNZSkoxWTVBbGRuRkRkQnBWYzFWWFF2d1VlUlpITkVKemNEZG5hc0ZUYlRsSGNxOTBjNmhEVG9wbVZIUlZUM0JEYnAxR1o2VmpTNXAzTVZOWFRCeEdkM05uZDRSRWJNaDBac2xWWXJCM0s=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://assets.beinsports.com/3.2.8/images/logo-locator.png" group-title="DISH TV", [085] Bein USA
http://?dWRrV3lFVU5ZQlhURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJsRjFOTHBuYkhabmRybEZhdzFHT3ZaWFMxaFRSelIyYlgxV1oxYzBWMlFGY3hwRVI1cG1ZMXRHVXljMFNyTVhPcHBrTWFGRWM0NUdXaTltVno1RVNpVjFVdHQyVUpaRlM2bG1iRTFtZHVSWFR4RjFjdWx6ZHlrV09CUm1XbmxtZHYxVVk1VTBieWRGV3JNME1RQkhPekJuTmF0Q2FOZFRWTGhWZDFCMVU=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/49/BeinSport1.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [086] Bein Sports 1
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZZFdURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWnpaWFJsRjFOTDltYkhabmRybDFhdzFHT3ZaWFN1aFRSelIyYlhaSFpFNUVlenRFYXpFWGVuUkhkdlZWU3pvM1NDTm5OUlJrY21ka2QwUjNUa2QwUXFSVlIxTmtRcFIzVncxVVo0WTJaNFpqVnJoWFRzRmtNeDBVT3U5bWJXRlRjcE5HZDNVbk5DcFZPb0ZXWTI5U1dMbFdVdmNqV0lCbGMza2tTNUJETjJoMlU=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6594.1491352241.png" group-title="DISH TV", [087] Bein Sports 2
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5Q2R6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJsRjFOTDltYkhabmRybDFidzFHT3ZaWFNvaFRSelIyYlg1R1pxVkhNWXR5WndkVFpQUlVSeWhGYjJsa1Qwb0hiMk1qZDJ3RWRyQlRlM2cwWXlCemRUSmpWR3AzUU9wbVp4cFZiSzEyWXU5eVN3aG1kdjVHWnZVSFR3a2xRTHgyY0JGWFJXMUdaNk5HZVBSVVRodDJSUWxGVjFsMGJTZDBZMk5EVzJka1E=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bein.com/mena/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2020/06/HD3-1.png" group-title="DISH TV", [088] Bein Sports 3
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZTlhURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJsRjFOTGxuYkhabmRybGxidzFHT3ZaWFNuaFRSelIyYlh0R1pyZ1ZhMmRIY29WSE1KRkVWdmxHUjVwR2UyZDNRSHAxUU01MGNFSjNiVlZXYnhsWE13bHpMdkozVmw5aWF2QWpiU0IxVHlNVVd2bEZjTlJqZTFCWFZ5Sm1iMnRHZW4xR2E1WUdkclpYVHdvbmNpWkhlRlZFUkVKRGFoRkZSMmRVT3BSV1k=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/288/60/png-transparent-bangladesh-bengali-discovery-channel-television-channel-bangla-television-blue-text-thumbnail.png" group-title="DISH TV", [089] Discovery bangla
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWnBaWFJsRjFOTHRtYkhabmRybFZldzFHT3ZaWFMwaFRSelIyYlhsMlk1c0NaNWtWYjFkRE9DVlhlc2xGWkhKVWNhdG1VcGxVVFZkRGR3ZEdlekVVZTJwSFo0b0haRkYzYmhkMlJybzNiMDVXUjRrRFdyVlhXeDh5Y0poR2ROWnpUMFJ6ZGlaRVd2Z2tWcGRsVmlOalRwOTJLR1ptYlFKa2UzSm1iR3BrV3JsVWE=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://deadline.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/disney-channel-logo-3.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [090] Disney
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZdFdURlpWYmg5eWF6MFdaSVJIWnVaWFJsRjFOTGRtYkhabmRybGxldzFHT3ZaWFMzaFRSelIyYlhObloxTlRPTXR5ZE5sbVdxeEdTMzlFUk9wMVVNMVdZNFVYY3hCM2E1a1VlTlJHU3RkWE15cEhhekEzWmpGWFZZRmtjMDkyWlU5aVJxOW1Na1IxWjZGblJRMTBNTk5FZUdsbVMxVWxRdnBHYTNBbFpRSm5iejlFVHVoRmVKTkZkaFpVTnlsVk0=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.anbmedia.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/nick-1024x780.png" group-title="DISH TV", [091] Nick
http://?emRrV3lFVU5ZaFhURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWm5aWFJscEZVb3gyYjVrR2RuaFVjd2sxY2haamEyNUdNMzVVUU54R013OVNPUkZsYUZWVlV3OTJicTlHYmxSVVYxazNNd0UwTTJVbGRCbDNaTmhqWjFaVFNxcFVNbTlXZEdkVVJFUnpkeGgyYURGRFQ0dENaQk5uUzEwV1VKUjFaVXRXZHAxMlQyRVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/hbo-max/images/5/5c/CartoonNetworkLogo.png" group-title="DISH TV", [092] Cartoon network
http://?b2RrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWnpaWFJsUldXU0IzUVBaRVp0MUdkNUZEVDJGVmVxbEZhTFJuVk1wR1UzbG5VdzBXYTJKRk1TVm5ONEpXT1B0MGM1MVdPc3AxYlBkVWVCcEhkTGwyYXZaak56UWxkWUpuZTR3V2FzRmpldnBtZUtsbGRzRldiQ2hHTzRvMlRHWm1Wem8yYmxkell2dDBNMXAzVXhRR1RTbG5TSzFrV1Q5bWF5aDBUM0lWYnZOa1k=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.favpng.com/12/24/7/logo-national-geographic-society-television-channel-png-favpng-Xe96mVV1q8adDe1BDELV7e86F.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [093] National Geography
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZaFhURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWnBaWFJscEZVb2QyYjVrR2RuaGtjd2sxY2haamE0NUdNMzVVUU5WM00zVWtTSEYyYUdGa2U1cFhkdzUyVkpGalJhQlhaMDQwVUpaVmIzTURPTkpsY3JCamFyZzFZeTBtY3AxV1F6c0NhcjkwTTBCektveEdPcGgwWTRjV2RVbDJNd1lsYVg1VU9xVlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://centaur-wp.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/designweek/prod/content/uploads/2018/10/25115647/AnimalPlanet_Vertical_OneLineLarge_RGB-002.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [094] Animal planet
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb2wyYjVrR2RuaGtkd2sxY2haamEwNUdNMzVVUU45Mk0zVWtTSEZXY0dGa2U1cFhkdjUyVkpGalJhSlhaMDQwVUpaVmMzTURPTkpsY29CamFyZzFZeXNtY3AxV1F6c3licjkwTTBCekt0eEdPcGgwWTRBWGRVbDJNd1kxZFg1VU9xVlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/cc/8d/64/cc8d647809e43dc42d85ddf95bbfe967.png" group-title="DISH TV", [095] Nat geo Wild
http://?NmRrV3lFVU5ZZFdURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJsUldXUzkyUVBaRVp0MW1hNUZEVDJGVmVybEZhTFJuVk1wV1RpSmxjMllqZHpOWFFGTldjNTlFZXp3V2RGbEhhSFJFWkY1MGJXUjJheHBYVTNCWGNUdGtjbTltVFlkVU9yRmxja3BFVWpGak02ZG5SNDlpVExWWFFTUlhVMjQyYVlkVFdFOWtkcnBVTW5OM2EyZG1Vc05EVDBsRGFWaGxTNElXZDJka1Q=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/BBC%20HD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [096] Sony BBC Earth
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5Q2V6MFdaSVJIWjJaWFJsRjFOTGhuYkhabmRybDFadzFHT3ZaWFMyaFRSelIyYlhoSFpZbFhXSE4wZHpnbk13bG1aNkIzTXRSMkxwVm5XdzBFWjA1R2JDVlVhNU1rZTZkRlpsUkZkNThtTlNWblpPRldhVFJsTUNsbVI0VjFLM0Z6VXVoWGVLeDBTNXhHYndOV1NqMWtjNWRIVE9Ka2Ezb0hXRWQxVTFvVmFhWkZiTWRuWXpOVlM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://banner2.cleanpng.com/20180516/xzq/kisspng-tlc-life-entertainment-television-show-5afcb32836d6f2.7693994015265103762246.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [097] TLC
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWm5aWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaGthd2sxY2haamF0NUdNMzVVUU41V012eFdPWkZXZE5WalpEVjFRb2xuVnZNV09hQlhlaHhVUlhwbWVEVkRjRWxYVDB4V1dtMVVWUmxXVHJFa1dwSlhkc3BIZHZnbld1SkVVRUIxYnhsWFpYTldaeVlIZHZWMlVWTldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/star%20sports%20select%201%20hd.png" group-title="DISH TV", [098] Star Sports Select 1
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJsUldXUzkyUVBaRVp0MW1jNUZEVDJGVmVubEZhTFJuVk1GWFQ0dHlMd2xqY3lzQ2U1UW1kb0psWnZvWGFWeFdTbk4yTXhObmJubFdjSHhrYTJabVlsbERVMWxtZFRKRVpJTkdickkzWlhkVWU0TlhSanBVT1RoR1RQMUVPaEJ6Ync5V2M0TmxlMDVtWUpGRmVOUjNaM01UVHl4a2FPVkRTTEZsYnBSblo=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.dialog.lk/dialogdocroot/content/images/channel-highlights/sss-hd2-large.png" group-title="DISH TV", [099] Star Sports Select 2
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZeFdURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJsUldXU2wzUVBaRVp0MVdhNUZEVDJGVmV2bEZhTFJuVk1sMlRobFRXUUpUY3ZNalpYeG1kdGwxYWxObmEyWm5SeVJqVkUxMFo1QUZjd0ZVY3hkek1FNVVNeXRHY0NSelNLVmpkWU5qU1NkRWU1ZDBiamxIVkpCSFp6Sm5STXBYZVJSMFVKUmpNdU5IV1Q5bVd3b1haTnBWVVVwVWF2c21iUXBrV3hCRGI=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.trunqd.com/uploadimages/postimages/vsuo98by.jpg" group-title="OP LIVE", [100] Sky Sports Cricket
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZMVdURlpWYmg5eVp6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJsUldXUzUyUVBaRVp0MTJiNUZEVDJGVmV4bEZhTFJuVk1sWFQ0dHlMd2xEY3lzQ2U1UW1kd0psWnZvWGFWbFhTbk4yTXhOWGRubFdjSHhrYXFabVlsbERVMWhuZFRKRVpJTm1jckkzWlhkVWV1TlhSanBVT1RGSFRQMUVPaEJEYnc5V2M0TmxlNTVtWUpGRmVORjNaM01UVHl4MGNPVkRTTEZsYjJSblo=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/99ZKMd4mWYM.png" group-title="DISH TV", [101] BTV World
http://?PWtYZVRWak1NbG1lbXRHV29KWE5wWlRNS2RtTngxR2M2UlhZVloyWnVkMlN6QkZSb3RHZXcwV2N2OW1adnhXYzNNMWEwcG5XMXRHUnlCRFdxUkRSRzEyYkVwRmFPZEhhMm9tZHpKMmFybHpSeUlYWUZkV2FVOUdScEpVYzBGbWFYVlZaM2hGYVFwVVVKVm5VTVJWY3BObGRCUjBSWTEyWm5wRVV5UWpaWHBuZTVaMFRaRjBieUlYUzJwVk0xRnpiMVF6YTZOSFNoaFdXMWxEYXlNWFQ0UXpkdVZVTWxORFZQbFdVRGwyWXZSemE0Z21VSUJGZHZwRlJ3RkVVQ0puUTMxMEtJbEdka05uUlNsblU2aEVSdmNVZDNkM1Q0aGpWSGxFYjNrMlVGOVdh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.radioandmusic.com/sites/www.radioandmusic.com/files/styles/490x490/public/images/biz/2018/11/02/beats-mtv.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [102] MTV Beats
http://?c2RrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWnNaWFJscEZVb2gyYjVrR2RuaEVhd2sxY2haamF0NUdNMzVVUU5Wbk0yZFdXbzFXY3hSV1l2ZFZSbkptZHkwbVYyRUhUMUJ6S0VSemFVTkdiQ2hVTXRGalRWdENWM3BIVTBFbFlVUlZhUmR6WVVaSGN4VjFSWXRXTndVSGN2eFdUeXAzY1Z4R2RFUlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/800/201910/flix-logo_2.png.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [103] &Flix
http://?cFZIVG9Kak5qbFhlUzlpTTNsRGE0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeE5ITll0MGNDTjFhMFpsUjB3bWExSldNeXBsYXVwbmMxbFZiVlZWZXFSRFR3dFdPMjVVUjRWR2JHWkhiczkwWTQwR2RoNVVjeEpGUnRwWFIwY2tNd3RXZTFFVVpEcG1kV1JWYXBoWFFxWkVNNUJsYktsMllRUmtOeDEyYXlCbFRTcG5VeXhHZDFRVmFWcFdjRlJGV09WM1ptZDFOMkVHT3M5VVJHOVVXTlZYZHpjRWJPOW1lcUYzUjJFSE96bGxTd1EwTWlsM1Ezc2lXcVpWY05sRGRhdEVjdWQxTHNKblZPbDNLMFZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", aaj tak uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", aapka colors usa hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", aastha bhajan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", abc
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", abp news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", adithya tv
http://?PWtHZG9WRmNtRjNhdGhGTlZaemNzUkRObU5WYUVoWFphZFVUdWREY0taVFMxTWtNeVozTW9CWFdtcEdOS1IwYjYxa2NSVmtaczFHYnhaRFNhZGtVeTBXUTNGMEtJaFVkcFpEYUxoRFRvTm1jTEZYY3pOWFEwcG5UMFZqYTBJSFJ4WTNLeXhFTVExMEtqSkhVRmRsTngwa2FCcDBRUEZ6YjRWMk0wSkVSTnBtVXpzMlQxaFdhS0pHTTFOM1kyQlRUT1oyU1lsbWNEaDJLVEJ6YjI1R2EzczBadEIxYTFkMEx3VjNSSmwyUlFCWGVFeFdSM0EzUXJoa2FrZFVOeFpIVzIwMGQyWWphajl5WTRJVVVwcFVVSlZqVk10R1NGeEVSNE1tZVVwV2VRZEZPdDlDYXhNVU4wbEhlMmhIVlpoSGUxRVRWeWhqYnBKRlZ2ZzBVSmwzWnhRWGN0cDBaSjlpYXlOV1FvcEVPWGxGUm9oWE5MRlVUaE56ZE1GbWUzZEZTNmhUZDVWa2Ezb25TWUprWTFoR2V4Wm5RUFZIUzU5V1MwRW1TWmxuU0pkR1d4QWplTloyVTFZSFZwZG5jUVIzYlZWWGFFbHpLSUoxY3RWWFp3RUVkczlFY214VVRhWm5iTE5EU0IxbWN5MEVWQ2hWVXZoRWVFeEdUSXRXZUNWWFQwOVNlaUJUUjRGRVU2eEdkdEZITkYxR05xTkZVR3BIY1pSbWRNSjFiMFJuVHlkamJ4WUhWaVJXVTNCSGRxMUVWNEZHV29WemF6VUhUT2gyZEpSblFuSjBiWlJuVm1SVWRyZHpLbzkwTDJvSGEzbzNjczlHY0VWMll2VUZPeXRVYmtkV1Z2QVhibGx6VXhZbWVoTjNNNkptY3NkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", al jazeera english
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", amc
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", amrita
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", and pictures hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", and tv  hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", animal planet
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ary news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianet movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianet news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianet plus malayalam
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianettv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", b4u movies uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", b4u music uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", baby tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", baby tv hindi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc earth en hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc news
http://?PXdHZG9WRmNtRjNjdGhGTlZaemN1UkRObU5WYUVSWFphZFVUdWR6YktaVFMxTWtNc1ozTW9CWFdtTkhOS1IwYjYxMFpVMWtiMndtY3JwM1J4NUVPQ2RXYTM1RWRXWm5iMkJuTXgxV000TmxhQlJXUjJNSFozMTBSTjEwYzRNWFFaUmpWeDUwS1lGbmRNbG5jcklYTktobGV4dzJLamwzVW85aWR3OVNaeEFYZEVSbGV6TVVhVGQyVDVrbk01WjBZUkJWWjNkM1NvaGpiNHRXYnZVMmRPNUdTMmhFWkJOamRWWjNWTnRtTnNaM2RTMUdkczVtVXU5R1JVZDNMNFpITVVOMlY1cFdhTE4xZEMxMFkzZEdUMU1VYVQ1R09yTWxkNmhrZXhZM2FTbDFLblZsUnJoemFQSlhjNEJsUnNOMmN6VjBWUEprTm5sR1JDRkVjamhuUko5Q1JKVkdlTGRuWWlGblU1RjNablYzTkJobVowRWtONlJIYkxwblV5UkZaNlJGT3ZkbVdobDJWckpGUzRjV2R5UVRjd1UyYjR0RWQzRVVPdzlXT3lGRGFPZGplR1pIWkMxR1RwRmpOeUpHYWlsSFJNVjJaSFJUYXZzR1Z2VTFad0JqUjZ0Q01oSm5TWGxETVBWVWJRcEhUM1lqTngxa1ZxVmpUc2QyS3dwRlY0UlVjclJuTkhwSGUxRmpOQ0pVYzRsbU0xc2tNeEJEZURWRWNoMUdXNFZXZDNzU1o0cEdSRlYzZHhsMGRTbHpNblZFWnZSWFJJcDNaUkZuUVJ4bVNMVkdkRTl5TnRCalJ0aFZXdzkwTnZjM0xLbERUa05FZDJZbVZ4UkhPMFprVFloVFV3Z25WYWwwYzJoSGVEVm5SeDhrUnY5V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc one
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc two
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bhakti tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bloomberg india
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bollywood premier
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt espn hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt sport 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt sport 2
http://?PTRHZG9WRmNtRlhidGhGTlZaemNzUkRObU5WYUVwV1phZFVUdWREY0taVFMxTWtNNlozTW9CWFdtUkhOS1IwYjYxRWRSTmtOU1IyVm5ORGRuZEVkSkZuVTBja1drUkdiUlIyUWxkM05vRmtWbk5IZTRnR1dvUkhUM056YVZCVFoyb1Vkb0ZsYk5OblpsTkhXdmR6SzBWa2VMUlZkYVowTXg5MksxSjJaclZIWklGR01KQjFaVGxVVFBKbFR6aDFVNDhDUzRNSGU1aGpjeEFuY1VsM1VZaDJVc05GYXVoR2N5TkhWd2tUTWlOWGRXbG5jeGxtVzBWa1k0eGtRajEyWjJrVE00TjBaMVJVYW5OR1VvaDFUWWxsWmhKWFRVTkZlM0ZIZENSMVpNSlZkb2htVnpFWFNvNUdUb2gzVjBSMFo0WVZkRHBrVjBkRVJuOTJMRHBIUlo5Q00zSjBiYUpGYXMxMGN3RlZTbVZGVzVSWFNhMVdkamRWY09oV2IyTTNjcTVtWmF4RU1TWlhhdUp6UnF0eWNERlZNNDAyUXF4RVNNVkhOcmdXWldSVU50ZFhjNjFHWm50RVM2aDJRRVpuTVNwR01yOUVjcmMzY3B0R1UxZ3piM0pHVjZGRlR1Qm5hMm9sTTFvM2JLeFVXd0JYTzVSV2NYRkVORUpIV0ZGV2R3RWtheFEzUjNjRVo2WlVRejAwWlVGSE93dFNiQ0JWZDNZRFo0VW1XMk5VVVl4MlZ3a0djQ1ZIU3ZzVWRCUlVaNmREUzRka1N4WVRaMThXZEdSME1NSlhjNlIwZGxKVllucGtlSHBsUndBM1M0RkZlVEpWYzRJV2R4Z0dlcHhtVkxWR095OW1leDgwTDE0V2FpUkVOdVJ6VHVCVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt sport 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", canada one
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", captain news tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", captain tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", care world
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cartoon network
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cartoon network hindi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cbs
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cbs drama
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cbs justice
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", channel 4
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", channel 5
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cn plus hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cnbc uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cnbc usa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cnn us
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors bangla hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors cineplex
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors gujarati
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors hd
http://?PWtHZG9WRmNtRkhjdGhGTlZaemNxUkRObU5WYUU5V1phZFVUdWREZUtaVFMxTWtNdFozTW9CWFdtZEhOS1IwYjYxVWRVaHpVbVJUTjRSbFNZMW1ZWTVXZUVCRlZYTjFjMGdrYXdRRGR4TkdkWWRrVjV3bWVMMUVOQ0JYZHowVWNsZERXMk4zTFlsRU9YOW1kekYzS081bWJ4MDBSMDFVTjVoWE5TRkhPNUlYWnk4U1MyNWtiM3dXYjRkblk2bERWamhtV1VGbldITmpjNE4xWndSRGNOOTBhNk5uYzE0MFlZbEdlTmRuY0lSMGJxMWtRRVpUZTBkVWNYNVdOdmhHZU1SME5JZEZld2RFUkJKMFl1SjBaT0YwZEs1MmNIWkhiMEVtZHFwblRFZHpUcU5IUnpJMWRyVm5aRlJuWlZoa2VESkZSaWhEV29CSE9LRjJUbEIzTUZKVVIwY25jekYxWWpSa2QwcEZSb2xuUnVKM1l1QlZhWGRFZG5OWFdTSmtRMkZHYzFWWGNuOW1WeVVWZHdObGN2QTNLUmwzUW9KVWNNbDJVMTEyWjRCRlowZHpiMFJEVTM1MFJ1RmxZU0JUZDBVWGF3WURaMkZ6ZDFKVE5SVnpacXBIVzRVM2F4ZEhTNDFXT0JWSGMwaFRPS2xtZXRCVFI0a1RVWGxtZEdKbVpCNVVldHAyZEZsM1ZvOVVNekoxWnoxR1ZMVkhNalJIZHlzR1JISmtVNFIzYW9GWFo2MVdUNWQxUVFOeloySUVOUEZqZXhwMGRsaEVPbE5ITVFKbVp3Y21kRnBuZDBwRVRxRmxONFJYTTV0V1VUVnpMc1JGZWlaRmVtZEdWNkJUYVlGalRYVjNOMmcyYlhsV2NDRlVXeVV6WjAxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors kannada hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors marathi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors super kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors tamil hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", court tv mystery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", d sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dave
http://?PUFIZG9WRmNtRm5jdGhGTlZaemNxUkRObU5WYUVwV1phZFVUdWRUZUtaVFMxTWtNd1ozTW9CWFdtZEhOS1IwYjYxVWJUZERla3RpYXhsSFJoeFVNWmQzZFdSalppcGtjdmczTjBoa050dDJhcnBtTW9wM1NCaFRPV0ZrYzBWVGJyMVVib2hYVEs5aVUycEhPdVJqVG9SVWFpRkVlWlprTXFGa2JGdDBLS3hXY0pablQ1YzBaTlJtV21wV1E1MVVUdUowYW1ablVheGtTS1pHYU9KVlVpOTJLcGRsYlRSVmVObEhNMXRVYkhWV2QwWWtlc3QyVXpWM0x6UVRNclkzUjFWbU5IZDNiQ2RrVDJOblc0bHpZUXhFYTQ1R2JYSjBLdlpqYlU5V1Qwa0hPcVJsVVFGRk5FNW1Od0lrTTFvVmV0RldlVmxGTnVORFMzMFVVWk5uWmxSbWIyc0dlclZtZVZwM2J0UlRWckFGY2gxR1VrbEVhc0owWnZOM2RaNVViMlpsZHhObFYwbEhiMFltYkpKRmNDQmxOSmRrVDZwMlp6QUZhUFozTmFwbU00Y2thd0YwS201a1l4NTJRcUoxU05kbVFxbGtVUlYxYWpWVWQzRW5VdlIyVDFFR00xWjNkM2tEVFNobmUwd1dleU0xVjBaV1Y0UVhVem8zYWtoa012NG1lUDUyYnFSVFZ3cDFkc2hXUXlvMmFsTm1TVU5uYTFsM1VtVlhhNlYxYXJaV1VVZDNhdk5UYzRFRmE0ODJNMUlUZXhoa1MwTlRXVnBuU3JwSGMyVkVkNGx6UjNaRVQyaEZORFJHVXJnbVQwQXpTME5qY1pCRk0ydDBibnBrVnVOVWRFMTJZalpqY0dSSGFwdDBLSWRUTjU5V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd bharti
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd chandana kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd national
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd news hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", desi music punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", discovery hindi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", discovery kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", discoverychannel
http://?PUVIZG9WRmNtRjNjdGhGTlZaemNyUkRObU5WYUVCWFphZFVUdWREYUtaVFMxTWtNNFozTW9CWFdtcEhOS1IwYjYxa2RSdEdVMnBXYzJGRU01d1dXMmhXYTRoR09wZFVkM1VUWUlKM01yeDJLSXRXUXlVbmNWOUNUR05GYkVSblJHVkZNcU5FZHg5MExIdDJNYWxVUXE5MGF6Z0RkNk5UV3JKa013SW1ZVEZITXZKVmNMUjNaQkpuV3BoemI0ZDJaeGR6UjV3V1V3eFVRWmRtYjFKRVdFWmxZcDVtUUhGR1daSlhkSVZXT1g1MlptOVdWaFoyTjZWVldqZEROVTUyVlZCak5tbEdiQmhsZEVWVlJySldWTGhGVFFsbVVSUjBVSlpsZVhCRmNNWkRjeE5sVlZKRWF5OUdiNEVtWk1OMGRVbFVOWUpFVW9OVU9DVlZVeHAzYXBSV1VObEhhM2dIYWpKelNzTkdPcklsU1ZkbVVzRlZiQjlTY25wRWVQTkZjM3BXVHdVVGR5Tm5kSFpIVkNORGU1TVhUdXRrWm5SM1p5VURNd0JIVnNCVFl4WVRjYTl5S0RGVlN4TlZXWVJVVzFnV1VWbFRWRk5UZFQxR1oyWTBhcnR5S05GVVNPNTJja1ZXYmtSamNDUmtaaEZtVXlOelF3aEdNclZuVVJKSFY0VkRjM1FqVDFvVld2Rm5RdzFXYzJzbVJ4bGpUa3RVZTVjRGJ2SjBSeGxHTTVoR2NuTlhiRUZqTjY1bWVUVkZSS0pVY3BsalFXRjBSWTVXZVJORVJVaFdhYU4yWnRKRFcyaFdUQ3BIV1l4V2RoUnpTTGQxYTM1a01oWmtUMGRsWmtWamJEaG5ZTmRtYndGWGFJcEVSQmhGVHYxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", disney international hd
http://?PUFIZG9WRmNtRjNjdGhGTlZaemNuUkRObU5WYUV0V1phZFVUdWREY0taVFMxTWtNclozTW9CWFdtaEhOS1IwYjYxMGJVQlRNc1YzSzFwVlV0ZGpSUWhHZGg5VVRRSkViMFJIVVFSRWF3VlhkNEVtZDROM1Fyb0ViMklYZXlJM1NXbFdjcEYyVEJCVFlJZG1hdllXWnFWVGFSeFVPTXBrU3p4R1JRSkZidTlHTTRsVE9IdFVjeGNYUkVCbGMwOUVlQ1p6TWtSbmN4TWpUVWRHZTZaRFpyUjBjcmxVY0ZsRGV6OG1hSFZIZGs5R2FubGtNamhYYzBaVlNwZG5TNk4zUXBOVVFVQjNkUDFVUzRRVVZ5ZG5TdVZYUXpFWFJLNVVZMGR6Y2pORGV3SVRPek5qV0dSR080UTNSeThrY1AxMmJuZG1lMklGU3BaR1d1eFdOeHBXYUtKRE5ybFdkeVltVG1kemQ0MVdaNVVYV1lwbVNKSjBkNGNWZHBGRmVhZEhOeWhVWlpoVE1DeEdXQmwzVXljMmE0d2tkaFZXWTFoM1N6QnpUVTFXU3pSWFozRTNkWmRsY3ZkbGVvTkdSV3RTU1h4bWF4bDBhdmxEY2xWbmFTbG1icTlpTTY1a2NocFdleVpqZFJaWGVJbFRjb2RXYjRwMU54dGlXYWwyVTZaelJ2Sm1kelpYY0xoWFJ0ZFZjRHBIYXBCWE0xTW5XNVZrYk5sSGNMcFZab0oxUjFVVVZtbFdRU05GT0dWMGExY0VhM1FUTTRObFJZVkRWNDEyVGtKMVM0eDJiMHRXV1lOVFo2SkdVMDkyS1NoWFNKWkdibkJGYlRKWGM1dFVUekpWUnBGbVNXaFhUMzgwS0NGbmJySTBiMXR5U245V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", disney junior
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", disney xd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", drama
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dunya news pk
http://?PW9IZG9WRmNtRjNadGhGTlZaemN5UkRObU5WYUVCWFphZFVUdWRqYktaVFMxTWtNcVozTW9CWFdtNUdOS1IwYjYxa2NSSkdSdmNITnlKbFppUkdVamhYV1paR1pvSkhkMGhrVEJKbVEwQmpjRGxVU1hwWGVTNTJNdzVrZUNGMlZ5WlVVclIyTVpkV1VwaEhjb3BrU25wbWI1RlRNVUozVHBGM01ucEdXWnhHZDVrV2RPbG5hNVkyVHVkSFV2aGtTQlZ6VHBwSGQyc0VXTlZqY21CM0t6NUdSeUozVlpSelkxODJMd3dXV0dGbmJuQm5lamQwYXlKRFppNUdTTDUyUjZaWFVSUmpjMW8xVVJSVVF2aGtOMFprTXJjblIzZ0dSeklGYzZWVGM1VlRUNUZsUU1oRmE1NG1UMlVGVzVKa2Uwa0hkb1JFV3FGVFZ3WmxNMU1ITU1WelNyWmxhNVUzY1RSbVQwaG5kNFFrVzQ1bVF3OUNWalZtZHdJMFNFOUdUbk5uVkNWVk5LSlhjcmhrWnh0RWRHcEZNaGRrYW5Gelk0Qm5ObngyTXI0R2I0azFacE5XV0dGbVpwcDFaV3BtUjY5MlR5UlZXemRrZG5oRU1adENhdXRpYUNsMFFYQm5SNmh6Tk5WamRheEdjcUJIVHU5aVVQRmtWcndXVG85bVRHTmthNG9GTkhGWFcyRmxNNFFWWjBZWGFWWm1kNGRsY0JsVFUzSnpOeHBGU0hKMmMzaFdkeTBFV0VGMVowVlVVU2wzSzZCek42VmxVQlZYUTJjbWU2RlhlUE5EV3hoamV4OW1jMFVIVTAxR1U1Wm1UVUptY1BGblVIaDFWcXBHUmxKM1ExWTNMNGxGWnJwM2IzMVVVSVJWZXVsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", eden
http://?PXNHZG9WRmNtRm5hdGhGTlZaemNxUkRObU5WYUVwWFphZFVUdWRUZUtaVFMxTWtNcVozTW9CWFdtdEdOS1IwYjYxMGFTUmxhMlZFY3NsV01CZDNMRXhXWVFaRmFTbDBiRDFtVXA1a2RuRjBiemNqYk1WWFZ3RW5iM2RtYVFsa1dHVjBMb1ZsUURsVE00OUdid1kzY05SSGVwQlRRSUJYTzFKMUt4WTNRVGxuYnhvVU0zeEdkTnBIZUJwVmMwWkdlaXhrVjZCblYwMTJVcFJXZENsVFpLcDFNdjVXYlVWVFFreEdldEpYUVBkMGJOUlRTd0pYWjRaVlV6bERkMTlXTk9aekwxQkZkd1psVUZWRlQ2UkZXdXhXVWFaWE9hOW1aTUZqZHJrMkt2cDFMcVpETWF4V1RzeG1VdjBHVTJsM2IzTjJMVUpXTnc5a1FWRmpUNkozYndVV05NTjFjNW9HVHlvbk53eFdaWUJuYnlwR1J6UjFielFIZFFabVpCaEVacTVtWWhGSGN2dDJNMlVuTlVKamFaOUdjV2QzUXFKVVZ6SWxXb1IzVmpKa2EyVkhiS2gxZFVWMExzRkZUWEpEWkVSM2N5UWtSMmNYZHZVMlRrdG1RM2xVVzJSMk1GVlhTMklYUXpJRGEzRm1UUE4zUjRsRFRFVlZZeFFIU3pRVFV0NUdhcndtVDJFak5yaEZVSkJsVjNjSGIyQXphd2RXYzNZa01DTmpTeEoxTHdaRGFMRlhSSXhtYzRJemNyUTNiaGhVUjZSVmJYZDFORE5YVGpkMmJ3dzBiRUpUWnVWelkwWm5RSWREU3N0V095aGtUMVVtZXpVWFkxSVZSNGRtVHJJbWVEMUdPeGxUY3FwVWJDNTJabmhGVTBsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", epic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", etv telgu hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", euro news uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", film 4
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", flowerstv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", food food
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", food network
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", fox news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", fx
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", fxx
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini comedy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini music hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini tv  hd
http://?PWNHZG9WRmNtRlhidGhGTlZaemNwUkRObU5WYUVSWFphZFVUdWR6Y0taVFMxTWtNc1ozTW9CWFdtNUdOS1IwYjYxa2JSdFdXNlJXVDE5MlNFbDFVckUzUXpKWFE0ZzBjd2NYUzNsamUwVkZlM2dYVU9wbVpxWmxNa3AxWkZ4a2REdHlUcWQxY0JSMlo0QkhOMUFsUVJWbmU1Tm5Oa3AwY3VKVlZLTm1keFFYZXBsRk5FTjJiR2R6UkNSbVIxSldRTGxUTk1CbmRyTVdTclJHZFpSRGRKbGpXd05EWjJNWGFadFdXMWQyVXpKVWNySUhUWFJqV3doWFVtRjBSUEZuUXM1V1NpcDFkeEZEZFk5bWQySlVOVloxVjJjbVNHRjFacGRWY1RGR2JzSjBOMVpUU0pOMktvZG5TMmcwVFRSR2REaDBSNVJrVzUxa2Q0eDJhVmRHYTNGalVKSjJkd0ZYYm1aMWE0SnpOTjFVT3hWSE9HRlhXeElGZUhwRVVRVlRPc1ZUWnlwVVIyVW5URVozTHpFWGJVVlRTeVJFZHRWVE1uTjJMSmwzTFZaa1ZNWkdiVEZHWnJjWE8waGxhU3RHVjRWSE8ycFdVNEVrZTJvM1l5TW5OMzlVY0dwM1UzazJWc1ZsYzM5bWR2NEVUVXRFU3p0MGNsaEdTTHBtYnJCVmE1UkRleEFYTTZaRmE2cDJjMzUyYXJzbVFZaDJUWXRFY0lsVGMwWldVdHBuY0tsRE00ZFhiRDlFTW9oMmQzbFdZanRHZHJaa1IzeG1kRWxtTmhKR2JQeEdhT0ZtUTFZM1UxOVdUWWxrZGlCM2NHcEhVenQyWmFsSFVURmxNME5FZG5aemRhZG5RSFJXWXQ5RWFMUkhXeFJVTXVkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", geo
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", geo news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", geo super
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gold
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarat | india news gujarat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | gstv news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | mantavya news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | sandesh news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | vtv news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hbo east
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hgtv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", home
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hum tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hungama kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", india news punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", itv 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", itv 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", jaya
http://?PVlIZG9WRmNtRlhjdGhGTlZaemNuUkRObU5WYUUxV1phZFVUdWREZUtaVFMxTWtNdVozTW9CWFdtbEhOS1IwYjYxVWNSNWtUREprVTFkblpMdEdha1YzVU1SM1lIbGpjSWRFU0hkSFJudHlZMGhYYjJJWFZaSjBWWUJsZXB0R1pQWlVZd3QwZDJsMGMzZ21TbEYxS29GMWR6Y25SRUZEY3NGVVNxVmxkb1ZYYTNvWGJ6VTNaUzVHUzJoa2ExVnpTMmwzY081V2VtZGxaSXAxYzVZVGQwZEhSNGxHYnlzU2Rya0hhSUpGTnNoRWNLVm1kbk5uV3o5U2JCeFdONk5uWVdKWFlaVkRhNU5GVmpKM1FvTm5Sd2tUT0ZkMmN3ZFhWQ2RXZHZCM1UzTW1SNlp6TVpKSFVXOTJZUlpqTkVCWGFDdHljdlJIYnBGa1ZCcEVkek5IZTBORVRMUmxlVkpVVHdoblp1Tldhc3BHVml0V1NvRlZZeGMxZE9obVdWTlVadzEwU1k5bWVTTlhNMWhFVnlnSGNPTmxOcUZUZHV0RVI1bDNZNWMzUUR0VU1SUkVhcGxrV3lRVGM0dEdOMGx6TGtwWFUwTm1hNU1HZVh4a1V0cFVackZWZEdwVU9USkhPWU5EUmxKMlppaEhSVE5YT3daMVRpbG5kQ1puV0NsSFZ4RlRhWFJXZEtaRGM0aGtiVmRGYkZKM1owUVhXa0ozWlVoVVNOVlZSNnRXTmhKWFF1ZEdWM2RsWmtSWGV4MFVUNFkwU3hkRmMyaFdWWUJYT1VsbmVYUmpiYWRuUTI0Mk0wOTBVanR5YkVoM00zWTBWVFIxYXpobVFDWnpiNmRrYm5ORk56NTJRcm9XY3JVamRJeFVUa0oyYnhkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", jaya max
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", k tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", kairali news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", kalaignar tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", kannada | dighvijay news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa gold
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa movies hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa tv server-2 fhd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", malayalam | manorama news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mathrubunmi news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mazhavil manorama
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mh1 punjabi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mtv beats
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mtv india
http://?PWNIZG9WRmNtRjNidGhGTlZaemN6UkRObU5WYUVSWFphZFVUdWRqYUtaVFMxTWtNcVozTW9CWFdteEdOS1IwYjYxa2JVRkRNMWxqY29kVmNpcDNUTVZuUzBjVVdZSm5ib0ozVHBOVlZxeG1haEZVWUZwbWN4cG5Vc0ZFYUhwM05tRkdVeVpWUlhsMVpFSjNZb2xtUm9kM2QyODBUTlYwZHlobFloSlVRcFJuUllOa1JSRlRkdUpuYTY1VVZzbDNWdFpUVHdKblpsVjJZc05FYmFKRWVSaDJScGxqVWFSSFRWdDJRUTlFZFd0eWNCWmtUT3BVWjZobU5vcEVjNG9uTU5sVWNwRlhlU1prVHJCbmR6WldReDVXZEgxV1RyNEdVakpsY2pSbWFXbEhNckptV0doM2RKZEdUbzEwVGFOSGR2RkRaeVlUV25ORU1ZNVVSUDEyUXJkMk1wZGplMUFITzFsVFFudFdPR0JEVWlkWGVOTmxRREpIZHhWVE0xa0ZWeXBsTW90a2VHbEdPclEzU3lSemM0OFNjWkoyTnpsVU9CcEhheEVuYU01bVdFTkVhMmcyUWhGbWI0VlROMGczS3ljR1VsVjJid0ZUYVVobVpYcEdPMXR5UlFaMktDRkhTVXRpZVdsRGMzcDNLTmwxU3hkVE54VkZVRUpYYjVCRFV5TUVkMEIxYkhoRVM1aFVUWVYyS1F0R1N5SVdRd0JuYjNGVk0yMW1Zd1ZWZGpaVlpRbDNZUkpEZDNwRWJOMUdkbEJWUTJKVU4xVVVkdlJIWklSMGFtTlhlMDRrVTNnRE96RlVZMzlVUXMxMmNMMW1hNkpXYVpsMVltWjFidmhqUUV0Q04wMVdlR05IYVVORWNuZFRaMVprTXcxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nat geo channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nat geo wild
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", national geographic hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ndtv
http://?PUFIZG9WRmNtRm5ldGhGTlZaemMxUkRObU5WYUVoV1phZFVUdWRqYktaVFMxTWtNelozTW9CWFdtcEdOS1IwYjYxa2NTcEVlRFpXV3dCVFY1SWxZdWxIYVRGMmRwSlhhMjRHT3hKVlkwbDBNWlZIT3V0V2JXOVVXcjlFZFdoWFpTMTJackJWV3hZMk4wZG5ZelUzVEx0Q2E0WlhlT05VYTF4V2V2Um1UaVpuWTNzRVZKSjBiNGcxTmtSbmJzVjBRS1pGT3R4bVV6MFVSRUpVYjI4bU1yUWtkdDVrTUxsM1RrSjNOd1ZUZHNaMGR3ZzJjcVpqVzE5MlRKOVNhMVVIT0JKRFZOSmpheWswYWxoV1YyNVdSNUUwTnpobWF6b0VSdmhrYXFoR010SjFReUJIVU5OR1pubFdSaXBYWkZobmFJWm5WbVZUVHN4RVJNOVVlSkJuWTFNWFd3NG1lemtuYXRSRmVxQmpSQngyYVVkWFV6a0RlMFExYnJ4a2J6VjNLbnRDWnhkWE56b1hZMngwUzJaVWFOUkhlem9GUzE5VVo1WlhORWQyWnhaM05KNVdhdTVtV0U5VVNxbEVheFJHWjVWbmVNeEdSV1ZtZVY5a1RZaFhVblIzUnpwbVc1UkhkbFoyYTVramVSWjBjSlptTXNkbmNKaFdiMTVtV3pSalVJZEZjSkJUWXJCamJ3SnpWTUprWXdkSFRyaFVVNVl6YVR0R01yRVZkeEpUT1RWMllQRlhWMVFtZUhkemFQRlZacHBHUjNWbll3QTFUWDlXYTBVVVlPVnpiSWxqYXJJMGEwWldOM04yZEVWWGUxVXphaGxrZFdaR1dpZDNMeFJrVXVOelR1MW1kdEozYVIxR2MzUlhUdmhIWjZkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ndtv good times
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", news 18 rajasthan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", news 7 tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", newsmax hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nick jr
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nick plus hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nickelodeon
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", pitaara punjabi tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", pogo kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", polimer tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", prime asia punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc chakde
http://?PUVIZG9WRmNtRjNadGhGTlZaemN1UkRObU5WYUVoWFphZFVUdWR6ZEtaVFMxTWtNMVozTW9CWFdtTkhOS1IwYjYxRWRVUjFLeWxrU29KME0yY0VWWDFtWnVoalVwZGxibUZIYTNrSE42cFhjWE5tYTU5Mll3RjNOMGxtY29kbWMxRTBjdkpYWjBObmMwQm5lMHhXTWFOemNORjFRMVlrTTM5a1FSTldadzVHYzVvR1o1NUdlUmxVYjIwVVEwUkhkTlp6VTNnbVVCZG1jUEZIYXU5a04ycFhic3AyWUpwblZxWlhWeHhXVlNkemJXUlVUVTFHY3BsalRpQjFWSzFXVUtwMVQyb21kalZEVE9KM05zbEVjTDEyVDVnblJURjNhQ05qY0RGR093QURSelpVU2p4RWVhaG1OMVpWWldWVGRYZFdTblpUYnRSalQzWm5SSEpuVzBFalQ0UTJjbmxXU3NKVk00RkRPV2x6VnROblc0QUhhTWxYY0pWMU5QUnpVNmhqUTVZRVRJSm5RS0ZUVXBSelp4RWxUcXBHY3RKV09ucFZNelZIVlU5V2JUZGplTjlXWXlZa2FxRm5aNXdVUW1aWFp4MFVhbzlFZXd4R1pOQmxRbjVHU1V4R2N6ZFhaUnBVVjJGSGUwbEhhdnAyY3dGMWFyRW1RTjltVnhwR1dPbDFjbVJuYUVobloxOW1RbzlTZDRNblZCaEdXNEptZHZjRlZXUkVlcU5HYnVsbFc2QkhadDlrYzV0bWF1aEhSVUZrWnZwRVZrOUNSdDFtUXZaR2F0UlhkV0IxVnkwRVpzOVVXTUIxVHd3V01vSjBLcXAyWk81VU5LRm5WbmR6Wm1wRU5SSm5SWEpIVmxselpWbFdONHRtTnd0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc punjabi gold.
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptv sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", puthiya thalaimurai
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj music kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news malayalam
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", republic tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", rishtey uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", romedy now hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", saam tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sanskar
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", satsang tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", set max
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sirippoli
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema drama hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema family hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema hits hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema premier hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema sci-fi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema select
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema thriller hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky news
http://?PW9IZG9WRmNtRlhldGhGTlZaemN4UkRObU5WYUVsWFphZFVUdWR6YktaVFMxTWtNb1ozTW9CWFdtWkhOS1IwYjYxVWNVNWtjTlJuVTJkMlk1czJNNUlIZFdselpWOW1jMVlqVHcxMk11aGxSaFoxTkpkWGFydFNSeUYzYjZoVE55OUdjcEoxUlhkVlpFOUdNTXAwTkpobmVTcG1SeWd6YjBKbFN5MTBjcTVHU2FoV1N5VURjeGNEVUdoRVZ4WkdVQ0pWUktSM1EzVlRjNEluZDNNMVVqcFhadk5sZU5wSFZHbDJaeFJHU0toV2N5a2xhMFEyYTNoRlRWSlVNMjVtUzNFbmF4UjBkV05qZHBWVk94Sm5keTlDYU8xbVlSUkVTSnAxYjVWM011RkdNbkp6TGpkemExOW1Ud3dFYU5CamMyUjNZbGRWU3BKbWNvRjBNRU5YUnc5bVdWbEVlakpWUzB3VVY1UlhXdzBHYVVwM011ZEVaSVZFY3J3a2JFWkVldXBHWlpoa056eFdWMGQwYk81a2R5aFhjVVZrYzVaWFc1QkZTWE5YVE1wMVFOZERkMlVGWldkRWNxZFVUeE0zZHg1R001TWpVdEpHY3lwV01WbG5Vd1ZEVURWVVRGSm5TQnRFTlV4MmNNTlVTUmhuVnRCRE0xQWxVTXBHWm9ORE5EbEZjeG9YZVhsa1R4ZFRNTVJIZWsxV1JCbFdXNWcyYzZCWE9yRmxNNGhrUTE0a1l6aEhjellGTkpSRWNGOUNkQmRqWjJSR1N0VlRWRjVXWjNjVllHTkVjcklET3hnekwxTlhadlVEYkZkSE40cGxZMlpVYjRjMmJQTm1Ub3BWVjV0R01GNUdidEJWYjBjRGFKUm1TUFpHVG5OV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports cricket
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports f1 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports main event
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports premier league
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony entertainment
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony entertainment hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony marathi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony max hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sonypix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sonysix hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star bharat uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star gold uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star jalsha in hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star jalsha movies hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star plus hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star plus uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star pravah hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports 1 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports 1 hindi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports 2 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports select 1 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports select 2 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star vijay hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star world hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", starz encore
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun life
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun tv hd
http://?PWdHZG9WRmNtRkhidGhGTlZaemMyUkRObU5WYUVSWFphZFVUdWR6YUtaVFMxTWtNcVozTW9CWFdtcEhOS1IwYjYxa2NSQlhiQ2hEVDBCVmN1QlRUeXMyUlF0aWQ2cEhkaDlHYnNSMWIwTjNkRTkyTk1GWFVIVmplRUJWYzZObVlyb0hOdngwUXlsbmNFNUdVWkpEZHJza2F3Y2tNMGRFTXhoRWU2eEVldWQzTFNoblVPWjFid0JIU1hWRVVzQmxVaHAxVFNsWE1MRkdTcUowYzBVME5tSjFWeXBVZTFoMWFsRjNMNVZXWk1WMWIzaFRNMWRqUTA1bWNGaFVPTUpIVGtOR1p6aGthM1YwUXhOemRwUlVkM0lHYlBaSFR0VlVUdk5XYjVRSGI1bGxOb1J6UXpkelIzNUdVcUpVVW9WWGNRZG1jTEZuZTFoM2JQaFRWd3htU3lrSE1DTkhhNHBYYnJabU1xWmtWWk5EVDBnWFNOZEZTeDFVYndGWFV5SkdWdmRuTkh0ME5abG5aRXRpVjFOSGNrWmxiVWxYUXlKWGRKcG1XMFZuTnBSRWMzSjFhM29HVzNSbWQ2VjNjUmxWTkcxMk14dzJjMmxUZW85U2RNTkZPd0ZGYldGbU1EbDNVUlJuYWtCWGRNRjBiWGRHU25OVWFuZGticVJuTTI4MmJoWkVhVGxsZWxObVV3UjNVSGhUVFo1V2RsbFhaM0FqYUlWMlF2UmtUcFZuVHNaMWJGVjNaeFJWZFpGbWNQcDBLUVYzTXdoMGM1b21hdU5uVENaVFVWUm5kM0JIZGlKMll4TnpjMkZGZHdJM1RvaEhiMFFuZTVVMlJJVjJUemxGVTY5U05TbFhjNFZWUnZrVmRxTkdVcFZtV25oVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", surya movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", suvarna news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", suvarna tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | history
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | news 18 tamil nadu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | sony bbc earth hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", telugu | tv5 news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ten sports 1 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ten sports 2 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ten sports 3 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", times now
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", toronto 360 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", travel xp tamil hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", travelxp en hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ttn tamil hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tv9 kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tv9 telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", udaya movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", udaya tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", uk sab tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", utv movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", v6 news telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", vh1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", vijay super
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", vissa tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", wetv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", win news tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee bangla cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee bangla hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee business
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee cafe hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee cinema hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee cinema uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee kannada in
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee marathi in hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee talkies hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee tv in hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee tv uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zing
http://?PWdHZG9WRmNtRm5kdGhGTlZaemNvUkRObU5WYUVWWFphZFVUdWREYktaVFMxTWtNc1ozTW9CWFdtMUdOS1IwYjYxa2JVZDFTdnhtY3dOMlV6SmxVdmwzWmpOVU9WOVVhTEJYZElGV1VySm1Xb1ZEVXcwV2J3RWpWV3RXZEl0V05tbG5hNUoxYkYxRWNaOTJjWk5tVDZsR2RxVlRONDAwU3JsWGFDVkRWM1pIUnd4V1VwZFhlNEpWZHdNWFUzUm1NTmgyVnJrblFTRnpaczVVZUpOR010RkVPdFpuZHh3VVV2NTJUc0pHY2hwRWJaVmxSdlEwYzZkMWM0UVZZWlpIVlc1RWIwb2xhRXRVTVhoalduWm1NeFJsVHY4Mlp4ODBMVVJtYzM5VWEwRlRkdGxWWXNaWGR3Z21TMU5VY0J4MFpvVnpUbmxVTXNWWFdSRlhlRmwzWkZoMGMzY0djWWhGY1J4MmJvdDJkRWwwZHZwSGFsTlVSTHRVY3ZZbE1QZEZOMWRWVVZsM1JKRkhPcFJIWjVaM2I0WVdiSGhIYm41MEx2aDFadzBXWXVWMmEzcDFhMk1uVjVVbWF6UkRkcGhEYjRBWE1uTkdheEFWZW9OV1ZJSm1RMjVVYTNZRlVSZEdaNGwxS3pkbGIxeFVObEZITW9aVWRDZDJaUkIzTXlNbVFUZHpaMVowY2w5Q053bFRScjRXUUJ4R2JEZEZlM2hGZTA4V2MyazFWdWwwWkxSVFM1RVhWelZYYTJsR2V6QlhXVHBIV3JoMWNGbDBTUkpIVmpoMmJLeG1hNUVGYTRnRVV2Um1ibWhUUkpoM1UyUVVSYWxEY2toMWN0ZDJRelJWZTZWemRDbDJVV0pqY205eWR4OUVTRloxTnhoVFA=
